Heavy industries, led by steel mills, were expanding,
It's the Eiffel Tower!
So this is the Paris Exposition!
Darn it! The contest is about to start!
Hey, Jean, I was waiting for you!
Look over there! Number 1 aircraft is getting ready to take off.
You got a lot of work done even though you were on the boat.
That's the top contender?
You can fly!
Take care of her.
Now, remember.
No more rough stuff.
Nadia!
You can't get away now. Come over here before you get hurt!
You're going to see what happens when you disobey your elders!
Hanson!
Nadia!
You brat, that's what you get for meddling.
Get a little sense in your head!
Yes, Ma'am!
Sayonara!
You shouldn't forget me. Jean! I'm Jean!
It's the same with me.
Sure!
Se hizo cumplir la prohibicin de Duema.
No estoy interesado en Trump Katsuta Duema
Duel Masters, que ha estado prohibido durante mucho tiempo, aprovecha hoy la oportunidad 
Qu ocurre! ??
Entonces tu estudiante de secundaria 
Luego, ensambla el mazo y sltatelo! No puedo perdonarte!
No lo s de inmediato.
Ah, el enemigo del pan de curry te voy a matar con esta baraja.
Receptor No. 4 del club de bisbol en V.
s? Dododo... Dohya!
Eso se llama mazo. Hokaben Cubierta?
Finalmente, si acabas con el jugador, ganars.
Cargo de justicia.
salo para invocar criaturas y lanzar hechizos.
Normalmente no puedes atacar en el turno en el que te invocan.
Mi turno.
Debera convocar a Katsuta tambin?
Fresco. Pero en mis manos 
Te mostrar que va a cambiar!
Eso no es suficiente para ganar.
Hmm... tengo que reconstruir!
 Al menos si te proteges con el bloqueador Parushia... 
Ataca el escudo con un nudillo bat rush.
Para! Piense en el rencor contra el pan de curry!
Ataque directo de Battraiou!
Oh, todava lo tena.
Voz de tos
We have nothing more to say to each other, so farewell.
Haven't seen you since the reunion!
Cut it out, Mika!
I-it's okay, Tsutsui.
Don't talk bad about him!
So what if I do, are you gonna be a hero, you idiot? That's gross!
I mean, you called me gross too.
It's cute!
Bye-bye.
Are you dating this guy too, Iroha?
I won't let you make a fool of me!
Of course I don't! There's no way I can win in a fight!
Hurry up and run!
But...
This is the first time I've felt this way...
Ouch!
Oh, pardon me!
Can you show me the inside of your bag?
That wasn't me.
It's the same for me.
But I didn't say that randomly or out of sympathy.
Clean the pool.
Just try to count the number of people who have been cruel to you up until now!
While other people were hanging out, we developed an unconquerable resilience, right?!
Who cares?!
Well...
I'll be transferring schools in half a year.
Congrats, Tsutsui!
Huh? Uh, yeah...
I just hate it when attention is drawn to me!
I hate that.
I wonder if that's her way of really dating someone.
I've been in line since morning, but I've finally got it...
Wait a second!
I see.
I'm sorry. People like you are just so interesting...
What do I do about that?
And I've been burdened with this magical mission... I'm tired of it!
I don't know what illness it is, but...
Yeah.
I only realized it when I was updating her medical records yesterday.
I don't know what to do for her birthday.
So cake is no good either.
Let's go upstairs.
What?
Oh, I just wanted to touch your hair.
The pictures I draw only make people feel gross!
Tsutsun, did you lose weight or something?
If you don't take it easy, it's bad for your body!
Is it done?
Nice work, Tsutsui! I'll wrap it up!
Let's ride that one next, Tsutsun!
Shining salmon below!
Tsutsun.
You're also using magic.
Oh, sounds good! Oh, I wonder if Sunday will work...
You can't go?
No, no! You should go make a proper visit!
Daijina koto nanda an1But the things I remember are very important
Are mo kore mo daijoubu sa Everything will be all right
Is this, perhaps... the blossoming of youth?
Arisa! Long time no see! You doin' okay?
I look hot! Heck yeah!
I wonder if the conversation will be okay...
I'm an idiot. I'm going home.
Ishino.
Is that a no? Wanna go or not?
Yes!
Y-yeah.
No... I can't imagine Ito doing something like that.
I-I'm worried... Is there anything I can do?
Hello, Tsutsun? What's up?
Huh?
What a wonderful park!
Whoa...
O-ohhhhh...
There's something on your face...
Uh, with me?! No!
I see. So you knew.
I know that. Since it's you, you were trying to help me, right?
There's not a single part of them that measures up to a 2D girl.
Me saying something like this is probably insensitive, but that's how I truly feel!
I don't know what to do and it hurts...
What do I do...?
I don't know.
Huh? What is up with this exceedingly good-looking guy?
He's been studying abroad this whole time, though.
I just got back.
Tsutsun! I'll make him apologize to you properly later!
Her brother... he's her brother... that's great, but...
I can't believe this.
Of course I'd misunderstand. I can't imagine that dude would be a friend of yours.
He's not a friend, he's my boyfriend! We're dating!
Of course I don't want you to date that weird guy.
I came home because I was worried about you.
Yume ga same sora nagamete omou I wake from a dream and gaze at the sky
Ai ni yukou And let's meet
Kimi ni aitai desu I want to see you
I wonder who that is?
Tada oboeteiru koto wa And it's little different from a dream
For all I know, I'm just the type that he hates the most.
Yesterday, I tried asking Iroha what it is that she likes about you.
Uh, about two months.
In my opinion, I don't think she'd seriously like a guy that can only manage this childish relationship.
Even though I mean to cherish her, it's somehow disappointing.
What am I doing?
Oh, MAN, I really want a boyfriend!
Okay, I'm taking the picture! What is this sense of omnipotence?
I came to the amusement park with her...
Something wrong? You're just standing there.
Hey, Mewgarl.
Maybe she's on a walk today.
So it's finally gotten to that, huh?
I thought about it but I can't come up with anything,
so in the end it's best not to do anything.
I'm okay with it.
You hit Cat Ears!
I saw you fall down earlier. Are you okay?
Yeah... I suppose so.
Why are you feeling down, Igarashi?
Somehow... you've become like Tsutsui.
and as someone important to you, you'll clash, but even if it's hard you have to express it to them.
Before... I met Tsutsui, I couldn't show that to the people important to me.
I don't know what Chika said to you, but...
and Ayado who fell in love with me.
For now, this is all I could do.
Uwabe kazarazu hanasetara na... an1If only I could talk to you without putting on airs...
Bokura no asu wo terasu kitto It will brighten our tomorrow, surely
By the way, it feels like Ishino found this one, but I'm the one that found this place.
Yeah!
Senpai!
A festival of culture!
Uh-huh! Something came up, so I traded places with him.
It is!
But...
So I'm going to have to grow them with more love than ever.
Ayado...
So I know that telling you this is only going to put you on the spot.
Uh, well, I was gonna go home, but I was too worried about you...
It didn't work out.
I wonder why.
then I don't know how I should act around you.
I fell in love, and I thought: "Wow, love is painful."
Thank you, Tsutsui.
Sounds fun! I say we do it!
Is. That. Okay. With. You?
So teach me. You're an otaku, aren't you?
What other time would I turn to an otaku?!
I...
But you actually fell in love with me.
That version of Ishino is really a rare character.
Well, it makes sense to have you enter.
Uh, yeah...
Actually, I turned in your entry form yesterday.
And then, I'll tell her how I feel.
"A memory we'll never forget," huh?
Everything's just getting to be too annoying, so would you please just do it for us?
If the contest lets more people know who you are, I think you'll raise your chances of meeting a guy.
If you insist, I suppose I could do it.
She could dump me any day now, and it wouldn't be a surprise.
A better man... A better man!
You never will be! Look at reality, you stupid four-eyes!
Thanks in advance, Tsutsui.
Tsu-Tsutsui, good luck... okay?
Let's go home!
Because if you don't finish, we're all in trouble.
What are you hiding for? Come out and show us what you look like.
Just do it!
Hey! Don't you go stealing all my thunder!
You're pushing yourself pretty hard, aren't you?
Micchan, Micchan, I want to go here! The maid cafe!
This is pretty hardcore.
Besides, if I'd known he was a dude, I wouldn't have done it!
"I will not allow this kind of behavior in the cafe
I gave myself a stomachache building."
Uh, guys...
I think we can work it out somehow.
There's something written on your face.
But now that I've made it this far...
Thank you all again!
Miss Igarashi from Class 3-C! If you please!
But there are people who see through them.
Whaaaaat?!
Who should I vote for?
The way you can't drink carbonated drinks.
I have at least 20 more I could list.
Thanks.
I feel kind of bad.
I finally see what a blessing it is to have ordinary days where nothing happens.
G-good morning to you, too!
I don't know if it's safe to ask.
I should be careful.
I have a reunion coming up, so it's time to diet.
You shouldn't tell such obvious lies.
Can I borrow some money?
Does it have to be the aquarium?
I'm painfully aware of the fact that there's nothing I can do to help.
It was really nice in the hot spring.
O-oh... It was a joke.
And here I... I'm sorry.
No, this has to be a misunderstanding!
That was clearly the talk of people who were engaging in adulterous behavior.
I'm home...
Where are you going?
It really was the calm before the storm.
Right now, my time with you is the only peace I have.
D-Dad!
It's okay. I needed to get out of the house.
When I'm alone, I keep dwelling on it...
Mm-hmm.
But we'll just do what we can, right?
Th-thanks.
Is that what you think?
I never had the right to argue.
She raised two strong kids.
No, no, no. She's nothing like she was back in high school!
Of course, I heard about it ages ago.
You're just in grade school! Don't go attacking me with logic!
Good point.
Yeah, but I don't really want to change schools.
Well...
It's easier to adapt at a younger age, after all.
But you've always been a kind boy.
You always looked like there was nothing going on in your head.
But now I see you actually care very deeply about your family.
I'm fine. I love Hokkaido's butter sandwich cookies.
That's not what I meant!
Nothing about it is okay!
But I hate it!
No one will notice me. I know that
We had a day off from school, so I was at a restaurant with Hikari, and we saw you there.
But I had to go and...
You're the woman from the restaurant!
You think you can be all "free love" with a married man.
But you're right. I wasn't thinking.
Um... I...
Ishino-senpai!
First Tsutsui, now you.
And I didn't think it would be right to just turn around and ask someone else for love!
What is Ito-senpai to me?
I'm the one who should apologize.
Why don't you think about how things used to be with Ito, and try trusting in that a little more?
But I still don't know how I can explain this "blah-ness" I'm feeling...
It doesn't matter. Just find some words and use them!
I am so, so, so sorry!
But I just kept pestering him. And he's such a kind man, I think he just couldn't say no.
I'm sorry.
I think that should hold it for a while.
Are you done with work for today?
Yes.
It's fascinating!
You've been working really hard lately.
I just... want to do my job, and do it well.
Let me see.
And the next thing I knew, there was some distance between us.
Yeah, you're not as close... does that mean you can never get her back?!
Honey.
From the time I met you, my love for you has never changed, to this day.
But...
Ito-senpai!
Why are you the only thing I ever think about anymore?
This day, today, when all we do is breathe,
Is more wonderful than anything
Ito-senpai...
Don't you "What's the matter" me!
It still makes my heart beat faster.
But we're only in middle school!
even if I had to lie about it.
Ayado.
Oh, there you are! Ayado! Come to the courtyard!
You use it, Ayado.
Wh-why are you groveling?
Spring has finally come for you, too.
Not that I know what's going on.
So knock yourselves out!
How dare you talk to me like that?!
And I don't have to go to Oshamambe.
It-it's been a while... since we've been this close.
Oh, why thank you!
Oh, I didn't do anything special.
You have to fix it!
You know... she is like a part of the family!
I-I wish you would.
You can't just say stuff like that!
Ayado, are you listening?
Th-this person is my boyfriend... My boyfriend!
Wh-what do I do...?
Here he was, thinking about me with these pure, beautiful feelings.
That I was able to stop looking at the ground all the time.
I'm sorry for always causing you to make that face.
Is that okay? You'll still date me?
It's such a joyful sensation.
Takanashi, you want a girlfriend... Want a girlfriend...
The world alone moves forward, erasing the past
But didn't fade away that day
Like this? You like this?
Takanashi.
This is why I'm not interested in you, Ishino!
Takanashi...
I'm just a girl with nothing better to do, who boys will never like.
What, you have a problem?
It was your idea! Try to be excited!
You like hotpot?
By the way, in our family, oden isn't hotpot. We put it in the "simmered food" category.
Why?
How about your next three-day weekend? I'm sure you don't have plans.
Lend me your marine encyclopedia.
I don't know what Iroha ever saw in you.
And not only that...
It just feels a little weird.
Huh? Is something wrong?
You told me you would be playing with your friend Kirara today!
In fact, it looks like Tsutsui's brother!
L-let's get out of here, Kaoru!
Sorry, let's call it a day. I'll take you home.
What?
You don't have to help.
I see.
Give me a logical explanation!
It was my fault. I'm the one who kept her out this late.
Ishino, your feet...
That reminds me, I was mad at you!
This time, I'll ask you out!
Our next day off, huh...?
Whether again or for the first time, show me your childlike face
How are things going with you and your ugly four-eyed friend?
What do you know about Tsutsun, Chika?
Daremo kizuki ya shinai wakatterunda
Nanmo nakatta ka no you ni
Tamatte yuku soko nashi no sora
Wasuretatte kiechainai
Oh yeah, we were.
O-oh. Right.
Is this about sex?
You're finally starting to think like a real person.
There is not a single iota of sexuality in your entire body.
Whaaaat?!
Micchan!
Yeah.
Alright!
Sorry, I'm going to a funeral!
N-no! I haven't yet!
Actually...
I'll be going to Ayado's house next week.
I see.
Don't worry. Your instincts will tell you what to do.
I spent all that time in my own head, worrying about Ito.
"Well?" What?
I can't choose my brother. Your anger is unreasonable.
She's always so nice, and I've always thought she was pretty.
It made me love her even more.
Wow. You know a lot about sweets for a guy.
Definitely a playboy.
You remember when we went to that pancake place?
I was thinking of taking Arisa there today.
I haven't seen Micchan that grumpy in ages!
I wonder what happened.
Beats me.
Okay, can I ask you for some advice, then?
What is this?!
Ishino...
Wait!
It's been too long since anyone's been this nice to me.
Boku no te o hiiteta
I-I'm sorry!
I'll look for a place, too.
Wait.
Okay.
Let's have lunch!
And Anzu's, too.
That pain, remember? What was it?
Yes, if we're together, even the sad things
I'm so sorry, Anzu. Mitsuya.
Give me a break.
You have a good head on your shoulders. You'll be fine.
She's going to be in the hospital for about three days.
Yeah.
You said you'd ask me on a date, but that promise goes unfulfilled to this very day!
That's why I want to give her what she wants.
You still... had to hit me?
Thank you very much!
But that's still how I see you, just so you know.
I helped you look for her when she ran away.
It's not a bad thing to fall in love with someone.
you're going to want to see them.
Your brother just worries a little too much, that's all.
But anyway, I'm just going to stop resisting and have fun.
You're making me mad, Takanashi!
So don't go.
Come on, wait!
You're just toying with me.
Huh?
You know. Your plans to spend the weekend with Ayado.
It turns out it's just going to be dinner at her house with her family.
Wow, you really are grown up, Ito.
I lost again.
How many times are you going to make me play against you?!
Your parents must really trust me to let me visit when they're gone.
When you say take proper care of me,
When people are nice to her, it makes her cry.
I think I'm going to eat too much.
That's the octopus gyoza. And that one's squid.
Together forever...
Goodnight, Tsutsun.
You know I already gave in and indulged you once.
I don't need anything. Now let's go
Wait a second!
Tsutsui!
No... It's nothing.
Today, huh...?
W-wait a second. I'll go! I'll go, I'll go!
Get it together!
Since I am that kind of otaku,
Thanks.
Let me go! You're gross.
Now that I think about it, that time...
Well, you're here by yourself in a classroom, holding on to your knees.
Sorry. I don't care after all.
Ishino... are you in love?
I don't really get it, but you should do your best.
Got it, I'll do my best. Thanks, Ishino.
I don't want to hold hands with Tsutsui!
You gonna kill yourself or something?
Only once was there a girl who would folk dance with me.
What the...?
Huh?
Wha-?!
Those are craft scissors, though!
Do what you want.
Folk-
I'm embarrassed. I even said "this person is mine"...
What do you mean "what"?!
Mom is so happy that you've finally become a normal boy!
and I don't know what to do anymore.
The aura of liking people will suddenly ooze through my pores!
You should express that to the actual person.
Where am I really going with this?
Uh..uh... Hey, now...
Because I'll be transferring schools in half a year.
Lend me some money.
Wait a sec, 'kay? I wonder how much I have...
Yeah. I forgot that I left another girls' clothes in my room, man.
I-Ishino!
Do you think I'm stupid too, Tsutsui?
I understand the feeling you have of liking someone that much.
Should... I go apologize to him?
I wonder what I should do. I know that!
Yeah, something definitely happened over there.
What? Kaoru?
Oh, good morning, Takanashi.
What... did you just say, Ishino?
Wasuretatte kiechainai
Ano uta o omoidashite miyou ka
Was... was it bad?
So I think I'll go to a trade school.
That's so like you, Senpai!
I'm just gonna go to city college.
Uh... oh. That's a safe plan.
Y-y-you said that to her, Takanashi?
Wow...
Isn't this color adorable?
I'm an afterthought?
Do you wanna study adhesives?
I trust the boy you've become recently.
Yeah, do your best.
I'm running out of time.
And by the way, I made a list of all the things you're going to teach me. Take a look.
I think our world will change even more.
Lend me some money...
Just make sure you don't lose sight of what's important now.
I'm going to trade school, but I thought I'd check it out, just in case.
Sorry. I'm not going.
It'll be fine.
I'm not gonna hold back.
You have no rhythm, Tsutsun.
You don't have to laugh that much!
Well, good.
Well, never mind. Sorry for holding you up.
You wanna stop by somewhere else? Are you hungry?
And do you want to go to the beach sometime?
The beach? At this time of year?
I'm sorry.
Tsutsui's been acting weird lately.
What? He told me he studies every day. He said everything was fine.
See? I knew he was studying.
Collect Autumn leaves
Someone's coming.
Aitai hito ni aeta ka na
Naritai hito ni nareta ka na
You shouldn't. They're our first matching outfits.
And now we're not going to make the last train.
Should eventually become treasures
B-but if she doesn't come back, isn't that bad?
You better enjoy it!
Me, too.
Oh, look at this, Tsutsun!
See?
Yeah.
Yeah. I was planning to walk home with her, but...
I-it could be anything.
Why is it so hard for me to find her?
That's enough! It's too early for this! Who are you?!
But she says she doesn't want to see you. So go away.
Yeah.
Don't give me that! Go away!
I think you're going to have to turn him away yourself.
No, I'm not going to see him again.
Look.
If she really doesn't want to see me, I'm okay with that.
I didn't want to say goodbye.
We don't know if it's going to work.
And even if it does work, they say I might forget everything.
About you, about everyone.
Why?
God has given me so many rewards for going through this.
Hey, there he is!
Oh, really? Well, fine then!
So get lost!
Tsutsui!
Tsutsui!
Takaramono ni natte yuku hazu sa
Is that... true?
Thanks for having me.
But that's no reason to give up on everything.
I have no sympathy for him.
That lovely girl. Poor Iroha...
Stupid!
Th-that's right, Tsutsui!
This is goodbye.
Even if you do forget...
And I'm sure you'll find many, many more.
It hurts.
I wonder...
I know. That's why I called.
I'll have one of those.
Actually, we have an announcement.
What? I-Ishino, does this mean...?
How will I afford this?
Please... Don't try to tell me there are no prospects.
Why don't you date her?
Oh, that's my phone. Sorry.
Yes.
It's on me today.
He's really made something of himself.
He's definitely not the old Tsutsui anymore.
Does it really hurt that much?
Nothing is familiar to me.
Yeah.
When we were in grade school, you got stuck in that gutter and twisted your ankle.
I'm not sure I needed that information.
The house, the streets... I don't know any of these places.
So I...
and I've made a lot of really fun memories. So I'm fine.
Yeah.
Seriously, Mom never changes...
Ano itami wa hora, nan dattakke? That pain, remember? What was it?
Ano uta o omoidashite miyou ka We could try remembering that song
It won't all fit...
I just want to get back to LA.
I told him to break up with you.
There's no one better than Tsutsun!
Wha-? R-really, I was?
There's someone who knows you better than anyone.
I'll be praying that you can live a long, healthy life in America.
Maybe it was a big fad back in the day?
It's just, when I see this, it hurts.
the only person I ever loved.
The joy of having fun with other people, the joy of being loved by someone...
Hey, you made it.
Your belly has gotten gigantic!
I was up all night finishing some work that needed to get done yesterday.
My eyes are just weak from staying up all night!
Ladies, please come forward.
There's just so much here that's hard to believe.
Here we are, the two of us, at Ishino's wedding after no sleep.
I wish I could tell my old self about it.
Am I the only one who can see her?
Igarashi?
How long have you been back?
Where have you even been all these years?
I asked him not to say anything.
Are... are you Ishino?
I'm home...
Tsutsun.
There are some other things that I remembered.
Even when I asked you to date me, Tsutsun...
it was more out of a sense of curiosity than because I cared about you at all.
Everybody calm down!
Another all-nighter?
Thanks for your hard work!
and we run,
Are mo kore mo daijina you de Things which may be considered important
No... It's still no good.
You should know, Ezomichi, about my dark period...
Tsutsun, sorry I'm late.
Well, I don't understand the meaning of the question for this problem here.
Well, that's a surprising thing that you're bad at.
What is this?
I only have bad feelings about whatever something like this will bring to me!
You actually have a cute girlfriend who likes you!
Are you really going out with Igarashi?
Yes.
I'm telling you to give her to me.
But...
It's always been like that.
Ordinarily, that would've been okay, but...
I'm going to leave early today, so I came to tell you that.
But...
I-I don't know where my brother is...
It's obvious, but I'm not going to lose to you.
Huh?! What are you doing?!
and it was over after they gave me a verbal warning,
That guy sure is something. So he'd go this far.
Don't come near me for a while.
I really don't care if you're a lolicon.
That was a joke.
There's no way I could believe those rumors.
What are you saying?!
But she looked at me like I was garbage just now...
But me being suspected of kidnapping a young girl in high school
Huh? Uh, wait! I still haven't...
Will you please let me go?
I've been telling you that, right? He alone is enough for me.
I can't understand that!
Not only was I snubbed... I was shunned?
Huh?
Don't talk about me in the past-tense!
It's probably really shameless of me to think that I want her to be with me when I'm like this.
That's why...
then say "This is how I am, so come with me."
We're telling you you're gross!
He's the best guy in the world.
Are you okay?
Well, thank you for taking care of my sister!
But more importantly, Big Brother!
Hey, listen to me!
It's because you told me to yell!
It's hard for you too, right?
It's okay. I'll do something about this.
Oh, there, that's him, right?
He tried to take a little kid...
Basically, when making an apology, there's no one that would believe me over you.
I've gotten negligent in my efforts to be trusted.
Did you just notice that?
This is the best!
Also, there's a previous instance of you hitting people with your bag...
You're always spending your time watching anime, and gaming, and you don't put effort into anything!
At least say something back! You just let them do whatever they want...
Micchan! You're talking to that guy again?
Kaoru's big brother was just trying to help me, is all.
People are interesting. Oh, no! Is this kid your little sister? I think she's super cute!
Senpai... I'm really sorry! I'm such a klutz.
A friend...
U-umm...?
I'M SO SORRY!
Confidence in what?
Amazing!
Maybe they're the type with a happy family...
I'm angry!
Really, words are so hard...
Uh, yes?
I was thinking about going to read it now.
S-senpai, why don't you have a seat?! I'd like to hear more about that!
More importantly, can you make an opportunity for Takanashi and me to hang out?
I think you should choose people a little more carefully.
It's gotta be Ayado, right?
Yeah! Her figure's all she's got going for her. What a shame, right?
Oh! Ayado!
U-um... go ahead, Senpai. Please don't worry about it...
I-I'm sorry... It's because they're always making fun of me.
But when I thought that we had the same interests, I just had to talk to you.
Earlier, there were flowers on top of my desk.
Since when have you been such a player?!
Wait a minute!
Since I can't read the atmosphere and I'm bad at guessing,
Oh, no, I was very happy!
They aren't difficult, like humans.
Um, here.
What?
Hey, Senpai!
It seems like today will be a good day since I've been talking to someone since morning!
I mean, I don't understand why she was angry from the start!
Even if I try to apologize I have no way to do that!
Isn't this kinda Nintendo Hard?!
Today, too?
I guess I'll also eat alone today.
I-Ito!
What in the world did I do?!
Hey, Ito, show me your worksheet.
It fell over there.
Hey!
Stop looking like talking about this is a waste.
Ito, don't you like to do these things, like making stuff?
Huh?
But I'll have to do this alone...
Um, well...
Sorry, I thought you had ditched me.
It's gotten dark. This is about enough for today, right?
I'll go off on my own here.
I think it's good if you can make your kindness into this sort of thing that can be properly returned.
Stop it!
I think it's good if you can make it into something that can be properly returned.
I'm going to die.
Ito.
So I tried to set myself straight, but when I was away from you, I was the one who was lonely.
I came here on the wave of momentum from being able to make up with Ito!
Sorry I just came here. Am I being gross right now? Is this okay?
Wait.
I was angry because I thought you didn't trust me.
it seemed like you still didn't believe me.
There's no way I couldn't trust you...
It's just that everyone isn't aware of the good in you.
S-sorry! I'm really sorry!
I'm afraid of myself!
Don't hold back, no matter what it is!
It would be the first time... telling someone that I want them to do as I say.
Igarashi, why are you holding anything back with that four-eyed otaku?
Be harsher with what you say, like a preppy girl! You're gonna ruin your image!
"Who's more important to you, me or her?!
Toki ga sugireba kiete yuku May fade away as time goes by
Kaze ni notte kumo no kirema ni Romance in pale pink
Toki wo kakenuke yagate kuru The new season will come soon
You called me here, so why are you quiet?
Why?
Thank you so much for going to the trouble!
I apologize for causing you any concern...
Don't worry about thanking me. And you don't have to return the handkerchief either.
Really... thank you so much!
It's just like Ishino warned me it would be...
I wonder if I made her feel that way too...
This is an irresponsible learning style, you know!
I've got no choice...
Here I go!
Wh-what is it, Ishino?!
Senpai, you ARE a normie, aren't you?
Ayado.
C-cat ears!
No...
Even though I was invited to this lovely party, since there's no way I can do one single party trick...
No one is asking for one, and we don't do things like "party tricks."
Huh? But-
But for now, if you cry, that's a problem!
I-I'm sorry, that was nothing! Please don't worry about that...
Hairy caterpillars are my friends.
It's fine, just buy some clothes!
Normal high schoolers are interested in fashion, aren't they?
Don't ask me to be normal!
Poor Iroha-chan, having a boyfriend like this...
I don't really understand clothes either.
I am not the same as you.
So this is fashionable...
U-um, there's a figure that I want, so I'm only doing this job temporarily.
There are times I'm making you or someone else uncomfortable without knowing it, so...
It's not that I'm uncomfortable,
Takanashi? Fashion... I'm sorry I didn't realize that.
Ishino, what is this?
I pass. I've never done this kind of normie event before, so I don't wanna.
I'm not expecting you to be the life of the party or anything.
Does this mean I have to invite Takanashi?
Hurry up, let's go!
Wait up!
Ai ni yukou And let's meet
Zutto miageteta sora wa sotto an1The sky that we always stared up at, quietly
There's no Internet and I can't watch anime...
Why the heck did I have to come to a place like this?
I want to go home and continue my game!
No matter how much I think about it, I can't come up with a single good thing...
Why... am I here?
Tada oboeteiru koto wa And it's little different from a dream
Ichiban daijina kotoba The most important words
Alright, food time!
No, it's okay!
No.
Sorry, Ishino, but you're not my type at all.
I'm sorry!
Huh? What's wrong?
Put it over there, please.
Y-you hate me, don't you?
But now... I think he's not so bad.
but the times where I can agree with you and him dating happen more often than they did before.
You attempting to defend yourself to the very end is something I'll never forgive.
Well, we've come all the way here, so even if I'm in a bad mood there's nothing we can do about it.
but she's been a maid, and she's great at cooking, and she can fish...
What about you, Igarashi? Are you having fun?
It's completely okay!
Ito! Get some ice from the cooler!
N-no.
There's medicine, do you want to use it?
Igarashi, is there something you're worried about?
I now think that I'm truly the only one who can read the vague changes in your mood.
Is Ayado okay? Sorry I had you check up on her.
If you're going to apologize, you should just go check on her, right?
Hey!
So you're never gonna stop trying to be an idiot, is that it?!
Whatever! Just hurry up and go after her!
I don't know. Something else I feared has happened...
Wha-?! But, she never tells me anything, though!
Ouch!
this time for sure, everyone who is with me, even though I'm like this,
Kimi ni aitai desu I want to see you
Ichiban daijin a koto wa The most important thing
Are mo kore mo daijoubu sa Everything will be all right
I'm sorry that somehow things are always like this.
And I'm sorry I don't understand the things that a normal person would.
Wh-why do you think that?
That was fast...
Uh... Try to think about it normally.
Ito-senpai...
It seems like she's finally run out of patience with me.
They say he's a huge otaku!
I'm saying...
Thank you so much.
Do you know something, Ayado?
so if you know, please tell m-
Crap... The capacity overload was so intense I ran away...
Will you take RESPONSIBILITY if someone starts to like you?
I don't understand the reason, but it's my fault that things are like this.
You haven't, though...
Did Ayado confess to you?
Wh-why-why?! Do you have ESP?!
No... I heard it from Ayado herself.
Even though she loves me as I am, I hurt her as I am.
You don't even think about how much courage it takes to do that sort of thing, Tsutsui!
I see. I really just wanted to blame someone for it, but I guess it's my fault after all.
Well, maybe none of them will ever smile at me again.
I probably need that sort of thing. I'm grateful.
But I can't just leave. Not while my friend has such a long face.
He chooses to just worry about things on his own then goes off in the wrong direction.
It's okay. That guy is going to think about you first, even through all of that.
But this is my first time... wanting to trust someone this much and yet not trusting them,
Sobietatsu fuan no tou ga Is the pillar of fear towering above it all
Kimi ni aitai desu I want to see you
Of all people, she fell for someone like me! I feel so guilty!
Hey!
Is that exactly why all we can do is confront each other every time?
I-It's kind of awkward now, isn't it?!
Ayado.
I'm sorry... You don't understand what I'm saying, huh?
She took me from the virtual world and brought me into the world of real humans.
That was also the first time I've confessed to someone.
Hey, I'm the one who's embarrassed here.
Oh, it's just... it's been awhile. I'm sorry.
I see.
Have things worked themselves out?
Huh? You were waiting?
I mean...
Well... I was just thinking...
I'm gonna turn off the lights.
Okay.
That's what I thought, and in the spring of my freshman year when I had gone completely cold
I see.
Crap.
What do you mean "crap"?
So what? We can hold hands. Don't freak out.
I haven't done either...
Kyou mo keppare-pare! Ke-pa-pare! Gonna keep keppare-pare, ke-pa-pare!
Keppare-pare! Ke-pa-pare...
This is extremely unexpected.
Maybe since I've never seen Tsutsun looking so intense...
Whoa, you knocked 'em down? Amazing...
Wait, I'll go borrow some nail clippers!
I see... Then, here I go.
In three months...
Saa sugu doa akete Come on, open the door now
Just like it says on the necktie that's been the birthright of every Ichinomiya firstborn son.
No matter what.
No, I prefer a breeze.
You need to learn to take care of yourself.
Yeah, you've made your point.
Now I've done it.
When I inherit the company and get to sit in the executive chair, it's thanks to her.
Hold on, lemme go get a towel from home.
Want to lie on my floor?
My chance to pay her back.
Don't worry, though. I sold off some stocks yesterday, so I've got about 800 million to blow.
What do you eat?
You're crazy! editors note: argh, he looks just like chiaki
What do I do? She's actually nuts enough not to want it!
Come on...
What are you talking about?
To live without relying on anyone.
She saved my life, so It's my duty to repay her, no matter the consequences.
Even if she's a lunatic who claims she's from Venus, I owe her my life.
Hey.
Oh well.
If you're really my lover...
Fine, then let's stay at your villa! i think this next line was supposed to be her lolWe can stay wherever you please!
I'm the scion of the Ichinomiya Company! I can't let it get me down! I can't cry!
I can't let this get me down.
Anything special about him?
I'm one of the chosen ones. But of course I wouldn't judge someone by the color of their skin.
Hey mayor. kappapa kappapa nitori
I thought you weren't going to judge him by his looks.
Man, I hate having to do this.
I christen you...
It's a wonderful name.
If I have to.
Not bad, huh?
Wait, if you're here...
It's your fault!
I should have realized she didn't have many blankets.
Nino...
She's completely nuts! a wonderful orz
I'm glad I didn't leave you cold, too.it flows better reading than it does writing
This is the first time in a while I've been up before noon.
Later.
'night.
its waters must be stagnant.
If you toss the chips in your hand at that girl, they just may be sparkling fireworks
He'd be mad enough just because I owe her anything, and then to find out I'm living under a bridge...
Go right ahead.
I'm alone in my room with my girlfriend!?
Hey. You gonna eat?
All I know about her is that she lives under a bridge,
There's no way she's really from Venus.
Therefore...
I guess.
Weather's great today, huh.
The public baths aren't anywhere near here, either.
That singing just makes me want a bath even more!
Even she'd remember that.
Anyway, Ric, your turn for a bath.
You sure!?
Really? Glad you found out.
Are you playing around?
Your hair's all stiff.
Impossible.
I've been looking for you.
Who're you!? Are you from Earth!?
Sure.
It's not like I'll owe them anything for a welcoming party...
Okay.
Let go, you're gonna stretch me out.
Haven't you ever played the game where you try to make it home without stepping off the lines?
Yeah, that had to be my trail.
I'm Nino's lover.
It's Sunday. What are you up so early for?
Look, Ric. Sister's over there. Talking with the mayor. lack of pronoun intentional
You'd better make Nino happy.
And they all have one thing to say...
You dreamers' tickets to your meeting are for a false VIP air force
A wakeup kick for a greeting, my bare feet are always cut up
I've got to get going, before the sky falls
Stepping off my everyday path,
All right, then let's stay here!
How is it supposed to work out!?
There's a reason for everything, right!?
There's nothing wrong with it.
I've always been an outsider.
I...
It starts here. begin operation? sounds too clunky
How terrible.
I can't make Ric worry about me while he's working so hard out there.
Remember, Sister, watch your manners. You're supposed to be cute today.
I'm going back to work.
What the hell is he grinning about?
But I was overestimating you, you goddamn leech!
Oh well, he'll be sleeping like the dead for three hours or so.
She'd forgotten his face.
There's one chink in my father's plan. He never thought he'd have a competitor.
Maybe you could call me daddy?
Hey, Takai. Thanks for everything you've done lately.
What's going on, anyway, Ric?
With this perfect plan...
After that, some irrigation and a road I can fit a manure spreader down!
What the hell are you all trying to make this!?
Isn't it enough just to be here?
Episode 92 "The Power of Ichinomiya"
We can't change it!
You're competing against your father, right?
What's gonna happen to us?
It's not a matter of when you call, it's whether you have to reason or the right to take up my time at all.
Don't tell me you're thinking of leaving--
He wants to put 'more than the CEO's secretary, not quite his daddy' on them.
If you toss the chips in your hand at that girl, you may just sweep her off her feet in three blinks
Even though we're never going to arrive
We'll always be looking for an answer
My father is the one who caused this.
Wow, I was acting pretty weak for a minute there.
It's fine! Just wait!
They're all such nice boys.
Episode 89 "Under the Bridge Without Ric"
Like he's just trying to get rid of us in a roundabout way.
Sorry to bother you. It looks like you're really working hard for everyone under the bridge.
You just need to put up with it a little so we can be together from now on.
Have some fish ready for me when I get back!
He's got an impressive budget, but we're a leading firm too!
If my bid isn't revealed until the day it happens, we'll win!
At my son's foolishness.
By the way, Ko....
Everyone has, inside their heart, a place to go home to.
The land of their birth, a place with the lingering scent of joy.
Hey, Takai. Thanks for everything you've done lately.
Perhaps I should pass the hug on to you?
Well, they did put up this 'keep out' tape.
Oh, this is your proposal for development under the bridge?
Thinking of it that way, shouldn't there be white rather than brown tiles on the walking paths?
Episode 92 "The Power of Ichinomiya"
Well, we don't really get your hands dirty with... lit. 'don't do contracting'
I was sure of it!
You don't know just how bad Ichinomiya is!
That's...
At times like this...
This is your phone number, father?
It's not a matter of when you call, it's whether you have to reason or the right to take up my time at all.
Next time, 12 Bridge.
I don't hate you, I just don't like you, I don't know what I'm feeling
You're just a chicken!
It looks like you really have daddy issues.
Anyway, I dunno what your problem is, but ain't you a bit old to be scared of daddy?
Don't worry, Nino! I'll call him later and
Gimme a break.
Aww, shucks.
Okay, Nino.
You're a real dick, Ric. sorry I had to
The more stars of hope, the better, right?
Then I'll jump off City Hall!
I wish I can stay here with everyone forever.
For the rest of my life!
Where do you think your funding comes from!?
Yeah.
I'll cover it from now on.
Why did this plan fall through?
Where are you going? And when do you want the report?
Keep on going, over and over!
All right, the real stars are coming out!
Heat yourself up with these.
You too!?
I kinda have something important to do!
Goodbye.
But like cotton soaking up water...
Here?
Please don't hang up!
I'm going to stay with Nino forever!
Even I...
Hey, Ric! How do you answer a cell phone?
Why are they connected?
That's why you're training.
Okay...
Just put your heart into what the Mayor gives you!
Ric! It's a con cheo!
He really doesn't have any talent for impressions.
He shows his shock, this is like a living hell
A wakeup kick for a greeting, my bare feet are always cut up
Oh, that's right! Maybe I can have him take it all off!
You should come too, Ric.
Hey, Last Samurai!
Shall we try it?
He's more normal than I expected.
I suppose as long as he doesn't say anything he shouldn't, he might be the cutest
Okay, I really don't want to get involved.
Amusement parks sound great.
Which way do you want it!?
I'll build a great one!
Well, guess I've gotta do it myself.
That was fun!
Look, Ric!
Us too!
Wow, it looks like it's really coming out of the screen!
What do you think an amusement park is supposed to be!?
All I had for fun back then was dad bringing me to rivers near human villages.
No it isn't.
I wanna ride!
That's it!
I wanna go first!
What is it, Ric?
Well...
After riding the merry-go-round, we sat on a bench, drinking a soda. inb4 fffffjuice
Remember it? I'll never get it out of my subconscious!
My somehow unsatisfying daily life.
They become fragments like the pieces of a puzzle.
These lovely fragments.
To you...
The confessional?
What, are you implying that I did something?
Hey.
Anyway, this is all I need. now everything's set up
Anyway, answer the first question, Ric!
Now that you mention it, we actually haven't.
Whatever.
What!? You bastard! You're terrible! Die in a fire!
Does all of this make you feel better?
Don't just mouth off to me like that!
I'll make him regret provoking me.
Who does he think I am?
I wonder if that one will make it to the sea?
What's a date?
Anyway, if you don't have anything else to say I'd like to get back to making grass ships.
Please, hold on...
Yeah. Sounds fun.
II didn't think she'd look so happy, though!
What, you've already finished the sequel?
Venus talk again? Why now!?
I thought lately we've been meshing a lot better...
Well, after all. You're from Earth, and I'm from Venus.
We'll go there! I'll do my best to bring you anywhere you want!
Even though we're going somewhere on the same riverbank, it seems like she's made an important decision.
Huh?
I've got to get going, before the sky falls
The mayor's gotta be the best.
There's nothing left for me but seppuku.
Why are the rations this terrible?
And...
The distance from our bridge to the mouth is about 12 kilometers.
Misunderstandings! Keeping your distance! Getting close! Right?
Then we're probably standing a little too close.
The feeling of distance on a first date!
dialog
It's quicker to just show you.
In front of me!
It feels funny being with Nino anywhere other than under that bridge...
Is that bad?
Wow, it's great that it made it this far!
It didn't make it to the sea.
If I said I didn't want to pin it down, I'd be a liar.
bord5Secret technique! Judas's Betrayal!
Yeah!
I have to go fishing now, too.
It feels like someone's about to tell me to take care of her.
Sorry, everyone, but there's plenty of people with too much spare time under this bridge.
I've never played with a girl, but I'll do whatever.
With you...
What, Stella? You're already looking for a one-on-one fight?
Ric!
Sorry, but can you help me with something?
I might need to move something heavy.
Anyway, a cake? So we're leaving the bridge to shop?
The sun's got better things to do than warm you up.
Pervert.
I'm showing my regret.
Oh my.
What, are you telling me you won't eat the cookies I made?
Showing off your worthlessness, you're such a laughingstock
What, we're done already?
Ric...
No, I just don't change my expression.
Don't play dumb!
On those bananas...
Sorry! I was trying to dodge a stray cat, and my delivery soba--
Wrong! There's no way I could think of that!
Anyway, who is he, Nino? Someone from outside? I hate him.
Peppers are my specialty!
A karate chop!?
I guess paprika's...
Sorry! Sorry I missed, Nino!
She looks like a pro when she says that.
Huh?
What's she staring at?
I learned the meaning of the large amount of cucumbers and her gaze not long after that.
Thus, no changes to her name!
Yeah, it's fine. It fits her perfectly.
We could even throw in Red Hare.
I'm not letting you give her such a manly name.
Today's main dish is a fish I caught.
I've been fighting him for two years...
See? Tasty!
Ric, are you going to eat Nino's fish?
You didn't even have any of my cookies at Mass.
But Nino and I are lovers.
I can't turn down a favor from her.
Maria calling him a leech was the first thing that made Ric show his rage.
The shadow of death...
Yeah, Ric. Don't let it get to you.
I can't refute him.
Perhaps we could use this other product?
But--!
Father!
Yeah! It's my life's work!
What does Nino see in him, anyway?
Men who play music really are impressive, aren't they.
Sounds fun.
I've got to get going, before the sky falls
A punch right in the solar plexus.
Next time, 6 Bridge.
You dreamers' tickets to your meeting are for a false VIP air force
Venus, she's always so lonely, don't look away
I wouldn't have it any other way.
He's the very picture of an artiste.
your even hair is the most wonderful!
What!?
The question is Nino's expression, though!
Total victory...
You wouldn't be able to think of a thing, dad!
No, not at all.
We can't! We can't swim!
If we let go, we'll drown!
Come on!
Yeah.
All right, this is...
So, what have you two learned from Nino so far?
The heart of the water...
... I see.
No, it's your body thats impossible to get!
As long as you can float, that's a start.
You may sink for a moment, but just relax.
You can't swim because you're hiding yourselves under those inhuman things!
Then you need to use something.
It's great. You taught the Brothers how to swim.
I hate talking with those two!
So they really do run the baths.
Anyway, why don't you take some medicine before it gets worse?
Does this mean that leeches don't catch colds?
you need to drink plenty of water, stay warm, and get some sleep.
Do you understand?
Hey, Ric!
I guess that's a good idea.
I may be a star, but I'm the one that has to look away! "to a celestial body like me, he is an overly magnificent entity"
It'll be fun!
Excellent!
Huh?
We'll always be looking for an answer
Someone! Help me!
Somehow, Ill manage.
Im not creating a debt at a time like this!
If she didnt want to see my ass, she could have just looked away.
To take control of the company, with my own strength
Its just fine! Leave me alone.
I was taught to take care of things on my own.
Kou.
Youll now repay your debt to me that you incurred when you were a year old.
Yeah.
In all the 21 years of my life, Ive believed in never being indebted to anyone,
and yet
Want to eat?
Because of its location, the humidity and noise must be horrid.
Whats wrong? Your voice got
For now, I should head home and rest.
So, Ill go home for today and
To be loved, I must first love.
The view is fantastic, but
Yeah, the Chief, right?
I am exceptional myself.
So, basically, youre at the top, right?
Sure.
Calling him.
I mean, rather than a foreigner, isnt he foreign matter?!lib. jingaibeyond human
Rather than his appearance, its the color he appears in!
Its seriously amazing!
I get it.
You cant hide it, can you?
Whats with this thing?
Oh. Havent I introduced myself?
Yeah.
Arent you
Im proud of my name,
Naiteitoreta.
First, though, theres something Id like to ask.
Oh, I did say that yesterday.
Your lovers happiness is your happiness.
Okay. Its great that youre really glad.
Oh. When will you be able to use it again?
I should probably go home to gather a few things.
I quickly walked away from there.
Rec, how hot would it have to be before you died?
Normal?
then they would be joy, or even anger.
That is, if you want to know what kind of person you are,
This is amazing.
Where else could I have caught it?
Its grilled, so just eat up.
because youre my lover.
Yes! Im eating.
Its delicious!
What kind of CDs do you listen to?
Talk about dogs? Cats? Birds?
I see.
And she was born on
From what I remember, Nino-san is
But if that is what my savior desires, then
We cant keep thinking that the solar system is the center of the universe, after all.
But theyre all so embarrassing.
But I guess Ill have to forget bathing since Im under a bridge.
Thats right.
In the past, when I got in the usual way, the police would come. tl-ed patrol car- as police
Really? Im glad.
This scent
Thats probably
Im serious.
Kou, repay all the debts you owe me.
Rec, youll catch a cold.
Thanks for letting me wash it.
And are you an Earthling?!
to your welcoming party.
Yeah.
Chief, Nino-san.
That was my trail.
Could you introduce yourself, Rec?
Our angel Nino is truly cute and lovely today, as always.
Its Mass.
Mass?
Nino-san, youre being tricked!
Hey! I-I dont know about love,
Ill just pretend those were fireworks, then.
Well, rather than rumors
If there was a creator,
Im convinced he made the world too big.
each individual is extremely alone.
Everyone searches desperately
Anyway, now the preparations are all set.
Anyway, thats the first question.
Speaking of which, you said she often spends the night, didnt you?
And every year
She was just sleeping, thats all.
you brought her to your house.
Im more worried about the depth of your delusions.
but hes frantic in his own way.
looking at you, you dont look like the popular sort.
With this, if I invite Nino-san on a date
A date, huh?
I could have unexpectedly died from an asthma attack by trying to return them all before White Day.
Good afternoon, Nino-san.
Somehow, that sounds really ominous.
but nothing will change unless I rid her of her doubts.
Dinner in town with the Prime Minister.
Nino-chan, come and join me.
No, its not.
Well, going out is part of a date.
Whats that?
Oh, and Im a Venusian.
Why now?
Hold it.
Lets go there!
Whether this river really connects to the sea,
Well, it has quite a complicated design.
What?
Its long-awaited, after all.
You think so?
I was really impressed.
Nah, I cant. Thats sacred to me.
Ill do an impersonation.
Its always a happy day for me.
Its unusual to see that bird around here.
Oh, so thats what it is.
Conflicting paths despite the close proximity!
Were too close for a first date.
Yeah.
There still seems to be something missing.
Yes! Thats it!
This feeling is
We can do this, Recruit.
Lets move ahead!
Well then
F-F
Theres nothing else.
You cant possibly think its already over.
How does that work, specifically?
Itd be faster to try it.
I thought it mightve been difficult to get dressed on your own,
Whats with that expression?
Well, you know
Its the one I set afloat from upstream.
It could go all the way to the Pacific Ocean.
Are you not feeling well?
Sachiels stance!
Betrayal of Judah!
The guys from the research place are coming.
but there are so many people with free time under this bridge.
What a hassle.
Even though I only have my father,
What would you like to do?
A one-on-one battle
Was that what I did?
Um How do I say this
Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
A cake, eh?
S-Sister, these sounds
Ive had enough of meeting new people!
Guess that kappa does give some good names sometimes.
Oh, its okay.
Itd be a waste of Earths valuable oxygen.
That was beyond the definition of teasing!
Shes unharmed?!
Old hag.
Even though she said all that, his expression remained unchanged.
Ill eat it, Ill eat it, okay?
bord0blur0.6Get the hell out of my way, even my shadow's too good for you.
bord0blur0.6Ima suguni hirefushite atamaga takai kusai kaga erasouni
bord0blur0.6And everything you do is one big waste of time.
bord0blur0.6Why can't you get that through your head?
bord0blur0.6How you live your life, oh yeah. You know it's a total joke, but you're too dumb to see.
bord0blur0.6Ara ara angai tsumaranai otoko
R-Rec, were leaving.
Didnt we come to buy eggs and milk?
Are you all right, Sister?
That looks painful.
Does this person actually worry?
Sister, what really happened?
Well, I kind of understand the reason,
Being called boring by her isnt really
Sister! Did you just toss a hand grenade?!
Sister
A vegetable patch.
Hi there.
It must have broken down or something!
Kinda feels like youre being deceived, doesnt it?
That
A slap?!
If its paprika, Ill manage.
I should follow up on this.
Okay! Theres normally an announcement after the toast,lit: houkoku report
Besides, I
I thought it up after three sleepless nights.
I was hesitant about Stella.
Stella-chans so cute
Hey, hey, the foods getting cold!
Lets eat!
Yeah!
Rec.
Thats it there.
Its bad to avoid it without trying it first.
Maria-san
Its fine, Rec-kun.
and driven them all into the top ten.
I am definitely not a freeloader!
That guy there is the beautician.
Basically, everyone contributes in some way without compensation.
Somehow, people with unique looks seemed to be washed here.
You went and said it, you bastard!
A freeloader will come.
and I felt like singing, so I came here.
Youre in the way, so wont you move from there?
but in reality, I can even play piano and Japanese guitar. shamisen
First, you gouge, and gouge,?
The laughter, the sadness
Today, on this stage, we shall make that abundantly clear.
Ninos expression!
The match is mine.
Complete victory.
Ni-Nino-san
Freeloader
Hey, Brothers
Nino-san
I see
Both of you
So well never be able to swim?
Whats wrong, Rec?
Whats this?
I should hurry up and find a job.
That was amazing.
Or rather, what joint bath? Theres no one there
Doesnt matter. I said what I wanted to.
I wont recognize that even if you make it into a gag.
Can you even catch a cold?
Well, you dont have to cover it up.
This fragrance that resembles a new vinyl umbrella again
Does a freeloader not catch colds?
Plus, Id never let my body chill.
I will not lose to viruses!
Lymphocytes?
you need to drink a lot of water, keep yourself warm, and have a good sleep.
Hey, Rec-san!
Well, dont say that.
Moreover, I definitely dont want to be handling kids.
And Brothers, take this with you.
Half-boiled broth infused with kappa.
Despite suggesting that I should be a teacher,
Ill go and meet my wife.
And with common sense
Whats wrong, Rec-san?
It feels like Ive overlooked something in this plan.
Impressive, Chief.
would his dreams soar even higher?
He shows his shock, this is like a living hell
If you toss the chips in your hand at that girl, you may just sweep her off her feet in three winks
Well, five or so.
It'll be okay. Just calm down.
Why, why? C'mon, why!?
Huh? No, that's not it. We just came to watch.
What, Nino, you're in class?
So maybe Star will come to be with Nino?
Wait, get back here!
Well, because...
Science is fun!
You can't be that casual about it!
It isn't really designed for passengers, and it can't make it all the way to Venus.
Why are you bothering us!?
You took away my brothers, calling yourself a teacher...
Now that I think of it, Stella and the brothers get along well.
If you all write a wish on a piece of notepaper and launch it,
Do it, do it!
Wow!
There she goes. I wonder what she's writing?
Wow, that's complicated!
Huh?
I just arrived.
Yeah, I love school!
I see.
Well...
I don't have anyone left but you!
I can't even imagine you leaving the bridge, though.
If you drive a car on public roads, you'll kill someone every hundred meters!
But I already have a motorcycle license!
How many people have you already hit!?
Don't apologize to him, P-ko!
His hair was silky.
And wait...
Standing under the bridge, borne on the waves
That's Lord Arakawa!
Growing up means being a bride!
Yes. Thanks.
This might be a literal open air classroom, but it isnt bad at all.
Whats that? Do we have to do this?
I already knew that this wouldnt work smoothly here.
Whats the reason for standing and bowing?
It is a way of showing the exchange of play and study.
Wait... You dont know what that is, right?
Stella?
As a warning for the others, they would cut a fing
Both of you,
So youre really pulling through with your school idea.
You should have said from the beginning that you were coming.
There are seats. Just sit down.
I dont know how I could do that.
Who would want to listen to your lessons anyway?
I wanted to leave quickly after stopping by, but...
Ho-Hoshi...
Well, theyre not interested, so theyve no interest in learning.
You even said youd attend them all.
So, you wanna know the trick behind it?
Oh yeah... What I enjoyed most about science as a kid
Wow, so cool!
Thats the parachute you mount on the rocket.
This is pretty good. Now if it should make it to Venus, it wont be seen as being rude.
Trillion.
What the hell is she thinking? fixed -kBaraka
Maybe she thinks that the school took her friends away and is lonely now.
And she doesnt have this frankness that kicks in later, either.
We dont know how to write yet.
Its fine. I shouldnt say anything.
Dont get carried away!
Im sorry.
Looks like something is missing.
Yes!
Why is it always me?
I know she doesnt mean any harm,
but why is she
How many people have you steamrolled already?!
I wont cause any problems!
Really?
Being a kappa is pretty cool, huh?
He transformed into some grotesque entity.
By that you mean whats inside, right?
Thats true, but...
Every adult womans dream is to become a bride!
No, thats not what I meant.
I wish to become a powerful man, like my father.
You couldn't possibly understand what kind of man I am.
You'll never accomplish anything with such a vague goal.
Daddy!
Of course I don't expect you to do it for free.
He's late.
We can't wait any longer. Let's go take a look outside.
I've always been amazed at his most unique business sense.
Are these your new staff members?
I'm
So then, what other kinds of major projects have you been involved with in the past?
Master Ko? Who is that other man over there?
No, really, it's okay!
Yes, a man like him would be great to have around.
For real!
Of course I'd be honored to meet them, as well.
Nino... Niino... Miss Niino!
Mr. Takai?
Oh, Master Ko,
I didn't think they were all that close.
White teeth are the key to success.
Great. Would you like a cavity search, too?
What are you saying? And in front of Nino, too!
See? She's already forgotten all about it!
Master Ko, you can't possibly call this a "relationship."
If two people are really in love, they'd wanna kiss all day, every day, year 'round!
And you say you guys haven't even kissed once?
Want a dragonfly?
Master Ko.
Huh? You're leaving?
Mr. Hoshi!
HEEEELLP!!!
Try flapping your arms more!
If he wants to ruin his own life, that's fine with me.
I agree, sir.
Um, I've been wondering...
Man, that one's huge!
She loves me, she loves me not, sh-sh-sh-sh
New...
I don't like that word, "unrequited."
Even if every speck of hope is gone, I won't give up on my feelings!
Now stand tall!
Hurry up and eat, while it's still hot.
for the sake of my love for Sister.
Judgment day is upon her!
You guys are seriously taking this too far.
What are we even waiting for?
Just a little longer, my pets!
Please help me, Rec.
My legs are frozen in fear, so I'll just sit over here and watch!
Crapping yourself!
Now, now, Stella. I understand that you're upset and confused.
So let's just calm down, oka
Don't be ridiculous. If I were to interfere now, Maria might...
Let's have a little chat first.
No, Maria worked for
You flesh-eating starfish!
Well, of course it's my trademark, too!
Ludicr
Heh. You're a sharp bastard, I'll give you that.
My producer's the sun. I can't sing for shit without him. I can't shine on my own.
You sonuvabitch, that's all you have to say after such a heartwarming story?
Nino, I'll save you!
I love...
Huh? Where are you, Chief?
But we can also control it and make it work for us.
Then, why don't you climb down from there before you say that?
This is hardly coddl
It's fine, it's fine.
Hey, be careful! Kids shouldn't go anywhere near the fire!
The next one's coming right up!
Sister, you can't let him act like this!
Whew, time for a break.
It's more than just some favor.
How can I? He's just some costumed fr
Excellent.
The Ichinomiya Group. I'm sure you've heard the name before, yes?
"Love your enemies."
So cute!
I really don't wanna become some kind of overnight celebrity.
That's not it at all!
Besides, I am sure this place is perfectly safe.
Holy cow! I've never seen someone go all-out like this before. Jeez...
We have another problem!
The hell's goin' on here?
While they waste their time on this garbage,
If they can't accept responsibility,
Hey, bro.
Yes. The contract hasn't actually been finalized yet,
And... okay, c'mon!
I keep hoping that I get one good one, but they all usually end up sucking.
We'll be fine, I guarantee!
H-Hey, Nino! If you need something, you could just ask me!
I can do anything I put my mind to!
Rec.
Very fancy.
No, he's the manager!
So... was he the manager, or the director?
But you know, I don't think this is even Rec.
He will wake up, right?
But the proposal was perfectmore than enough to convince the other executives.
Of course! Who do you think I am?
It's not gonna be cheap. But we are a top-tier company, after all.
Yes, of course.
Understood.
That man... what a fool!
How've you been?
Perish the thought!
Yup. And I'll be bidding for construction rights, as well.
Wow, it's really easy to follow. I'd expect no less of you, Rec.
But that's just my perspective.
We can't always be catering to "walkers," you know.
What are you guys trying to protect against?!
He's always ready to try something new.
Why? What do you mean?
Well I thought...
I figured it was just a good-natured competition with consent from both of you.
But... why?
I'm just gonna call my dad real quick.
Not one damn scratch!
He's requested to change his title to
fscx85I told you, Shimazaki, I don't want to hear any more about that man!
Rec's a wimp!
Whoa, are you serious?
Plus, if it's for Nino
Ya dig?
Wha
How could my plan fail?
Out? You have a meeting soon.
Your butt's gonna freeze off. Hurry up and put 'em on.
But you know, the way you look and that stuff you said reminds me of my lover.
Hey, can you hear me?
Of course.
It's already fair.
Ah, you're just another pervert without the mask.
Just follow the white li
Whose phone is Why are these phones connected?
Okay, is everyone ready? It's time for impression training!
Sure...
Just pay attention to the topic the Chief gives you, then let your heart guide you.
Umm... kan...
Well, maybe.
If styling it's such a pain, why not go get a little trim?
Where'd you sprout up from?!
Let's get everyone together and head to the salon.
Yup. It's like twice as long as before.
Not me.
And make my bangs like cherry tomatoes?
But the overall feel should be like a cucumber, just like normal.
Were you really that nervous, Sir Rec?
Would you like a sample from my impression repertoire?
Sorry.
Yeah, hurry up.
Sorry.
don't mean squat next to the feelings I have for you.
Billyyyy!
Now that's true love.
There's nothing I can't do!
Fairs... fairs...
Not bad, Rec.
Wowthey did all this in three days? Amazing!
There she is!
Welcome, friends.
Look, Rec!
This place is an unamusement park created by the beasts of Arakawa!
So this is real, too?!
True.
All I had back then was, like, a river near a village, where my pops took me once in a while.
Ahh, sounds nice.
I wanna ride it!
Stop being stubborn, Rec. Let 'em ride it!
Oh... well...
That image
So says this necktie-an Ichinomiya heirloom passed down from father to son each generation.
I've followed this rule all my life.
Proud. I'm proud of that.
Mezame no kissu wa madoromu anata ni ayakashi rippuna ohimesama The strange and ghostly lips of a lonely princess.
Neoki no kikku wa aisatsu gawari ni namaashi itsumo kizudarake A careless little kick to wake you up and get you moving.
Temochi no chippu wo anoko ni kaketara mabataki mittsu de nokkudaun
Man
Just a little farther... Just a little more... almost there...
I must succeed using Ko-power!
Ko, you dropped your eraser!
I will handle it myself.
Dammit, the steel beam is dragging me down!
Oh, you're alive, huh?
"Never be indebted to anyone!" x4
Wait here. Lemme go home and get you a towel.
It must be tough for a girl to live here all on her own.
Boy, you must really hate living down here!
And it must feel really dangerous for a lonely female resident like yourself.
If you're interested, I wouldn't mind
But this place must be freezing!
Well then, is there something else you're looking for?
Asthma?
"Could you... experience love with me?"
Got what? I have no idea what she's talking about.
Of course. Lovers are supposed to be with each other at all times.
Didn't you say something about how it's dangerous for a girl to be here all alone?
Everything's gonna be fine.
I'm just moving.
I'll just think of it as just one more temporary relocation.
The thing is,
We gotta go see the Village Chief. He's the head honcho of this whole area.
Anyway...
Oh, is he from another country?
Getting his attention.
What's up?
Hey, the hell you just say?
You're not a foreigner! You're not even human!
I must admit, we're hard to come by these days. I can't blame you for your reaction.
Your neck is showing.
It's sad, I know.
So annoying.
How do I fix this?
You can't move in till I give you a new name. It's the law.
But why?
That's kind of depressing, don't you think?
Well, when in Rome!
Very well.
But it sounds like he's just making fun of me!
"Naitei Toreta."
It's good, right? Right?
Anohi yuugure In the dusk of that day
This'll be enough, right?
You're so wrong. No doubt about it.
So, what's up? You need a blanket?
Then that means... you let me borrow your one and only blanket.
Sure.
It's fit for a king!
It's Greek.
This girl is truly surreal.
Yes. I'm so very glad.
Well, at least my apparent lover didn't have to spend the night in the freezing cold.
That was
Venus otonarisan nano doushite shiranai aida ni Venus, I'm right next door. How'd this happen without my consent?
I can't help but think I did.
Birds?
Never mind.
She lives under a bridge.
Obviously she's not actually from Venus.
Of course, I don't believe in aliens or ghosts since I've never seen one for myself.
Well then, how to begin?
"Oh yeah? Well my hands have a real big bang!"
No! That's okay.
Anyway! Is it...
I need a bath.
Who is that?
He said I have to chant this spell whenever I'm in the bath.
And Nino doesn't seem like the kind of person who would mind, anyway.
I guess you're always on guard.
and it just turned into a giant mess.
Sure. Just use a towel. Don't get arrested.
Nino.
Rec, you're gonna catch a chill.
What's this white stuff?
You're the new guy-Recruit, right?
Yeah.
Nice to meet you, everyone.
Recruit, we want you to tell us about you.
Nino.
Pretty cool, right? We all got together and built it a few years ago.
Good.
Is that gun real?
with the back of your head.
Take good care of Nino.
Still... this is the first time anyone's said anything positive about Nino and me.
So, um... what exactly have you heard about me?
people have been coming to confession much more often.
To be honest, I'm not sure I would call what happened being "chosen."
As the newest member of my flock, let me give you a word of blessing.
itsumo nazeka sabishiku naru I get sad, and I just wish I could tell you why
sakasama ni natte Everything is upside down
Sure, are 1,000s okay?
certainly He made it too big for us.
neoki no kikku wa aisatsu gawari ni namaashi itsumo kizudarake A careless kick to wake you up, my defenseless legs are all scratched up
temochi no chippu wo anoko ni kaketara mabataki mittsu de nokkudaun Put all your chips on that little boy, he'll just go down in a flash
Confessional
Huh? After I did what?
I just can't say no when he cries.
Snap out of it, Hoshi.
- Die, you prick! - I honestly haven't done anything with Nino.
I'm what?
He's acting weird again. Is he going to apologize?
Are you kidding me? No way!
It was her, just as I thought
It was her, just as I thought Nice job! Promotion for you!
Do you not see, Nino?
What's a "date"?
I really need to get back to making more leaf-boats.
Allow me to explain the date arrangement!
First Lady I'm kind of in the mood to sing.
During dinner, we'll enjoy a first-class orchestra,
Let me know when your next slide show is ready.
Where are you going?
I put a leaf-boat in the river earlier.
Yes, of course! I'd love to go with you.
It seemed to take great courage for her to leave the area.
It was a good idea, right?
And you're there under my pillow!
Of course, you'll get to keep the designer suit.
How rude.
Come on.
Let me teach you just how that's supposed to look.
He must truly have been born to higher station...
Oh, what a nice suit!
Maria!
It fits you so well! fits you so well. suits you so well. BOTH ARE HURRRRRRRR
To be honest, I'm kind of a connoisseur of suits my
Oh, it's just paper?
Dammit, Takai, you always ask the awkward questions...
War never changes.
Me?
Seriously!?
Whitey, parentheses real name Toru Shirai, was formerly a salaryman at a major corporation.
Yeah!
He's our mascot.
A secretary?
Perhaps I should try cutting my hair short for you, Star?
Nino!
Don't worry, President.
You haven't come to the office at all lately, and
That smells great.
Such a luxurious breakfast.
Cavities!?
Why don't I check you for cavities, too?
Oh, right.
Plus. since Ms. Niino and you are lovers, in terms of things you'd do in the morning...
Yeah, Baldy! What the hell are you talking about!?
Did I say something strange?
Nino didn't even know about dates until just now!
Nothing. Don't worry about it,.
but in matters of love he's on a middle-school level. only acceptible until aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
There's no way they're... active.
Great job, Baldy. I see where you're going with this.
I'm in the middle of a serious conversation right
What, are you hungry now?
He's normally like this.
Star! Get a hold of yourse
Star!
Can't do a thing about it, though.
Did he eat something funny?
Dunno.
You too.
Yeah.
I don't need that kind of advice!
Good work, Shimazaki.
Even though we're never going to arrive
Looks like a pickled radish.
Next time, 9 Bridge.
The scenery by the river changes as you get closer to the sea.
Mezame no kissu wa madoromu anata ni ayakashi rippu na ohimesama Dozing off to the kiss on the lips that wake you up, the strange lips of a ghostly princess
Venus otonarisan nano doushite shiranai aida ni Venus, I'm right next door. How'd this happen without my consent?
WARNING: Absolutely no swimming!
Yes, what is it?
Huh? Dang, I look pretty good posed like this... We have to walk to the end of the river anyway.
It's...
Yeah! Now we're talkin'! This is...
Oh, well...
The distance of our linked hearts The distance of our linked hearts!
That's all.
But-
Yeah, yeah! What kind of date would it be without a princess ride?
It'll be faster if I just show you.
All right, just have a seat right here.
I... hate the princess ride.
Well then, since we're out enjoying our date,
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Is something wrong?
Why she had that look on her face, and what happened in her past...
But as her boyfriend-
Rec, what are you doing? Be carefu-!
All my splashing set the boat free.
Different Planet Whether we're
by the laws of attraction.
Everyone...
Yup!
Could someone keep her entertained?
Wait, no! Today's the day those lab guys-
Huh? You don't have any siblings?
She must have been so lonely.
I forgot it was Sister who raised her!
She might not know what that really means.
Three-hit combo max for civilians, remember?
What just happened?
From now on, you belong to me.
Heya, Stella. Yup, it su-
Rec.
Yes, Boss!
Oh, Rec. There you are.
With that cart there? Sure, I guess...
Hey, Sister.
Hello, I'm-
If you need a reason to live,
fuini warai goe Laughter came all too suddenly
What was that about, Sister?
Scary... Why'd Sister give me that death stare? I probably shouldn't have talked badly about her...
But I'm sure even Sister himself would lose it if someone insulted him like that!
The Sun has better things to do than shine down on you.
You're hideous.
Sorry about that.
Really, Sister. You never react to anything I say.
Rec, here's a damn cookie.
CH. 33 "CAN'T HIDE YOUR LOVE"
Oh please, Sister.
Why must you continue to cause trouble?
I'm so worried.
But she wasn't really being that mean at the end.
Sister, was that a hand grenade?!
A vegetable garden!
Look.
You're horrible.
Here's to our first meeting!
No. That's not good enough!
You have to-
- love them all as one!
- Sorry! I messed up! I'm so sorry, Nino!
This garden is made up of things suited exactly to each resident's taste.
It wouldn't be long before I discovered the reason behind her gaze,
This is incredible, Sister!
everyone here loves to throw parties.
Okay, time for the toast!
Cheers!
Okay!
Okay, okay!
It's not just the looks, either!
It's right there!
Okay Rec, eat as much as you want.
And yet, you never partake of my Mass cookies.
Maria-
It's okay, Rec. Don't worry about it.
Jeez, Maria's so brutal!
Perfect.
This has gotta be a joke.
I can't deny the possibility.
Tense muscles can really damage a woman's skin, you know?
But the point is, we all do what we do because we want to.
Moooch mooch moochie moooch moocher.
- Moooch mooch moochie moooch moocher. - Father, what's wrong? Father. Father! Father!
- Moooch mooch moochie moooch moocher!
tadori tsukenai mama We'll never reach each other now
Each one of our encounters is a miracle.
Laughing. Crying.
There's a ribbon around his neck. Is he okay?
We'll each do a solo performance. The winner is decided by...
We'll compete to see which of us entertains her more!
Hey, so... I know you said you were in charge of music down here.
Flawless victory.
How unsightly. Not that I'm fazed by it at all.
"A Loser's Howl," huh?
Is there a second verse?
And I can't think of a single thing!
Get your hands off her!
Really?
Hey you two, what are you doi-?
Okay, kids.
So, Nino... when do you plan on teaching them paddling and breathing techniques?
What's going on with you and your physiology?!
I'll teach you the basics.
Even if you start to sink a little, just stay nice and relaxed.
That's because you're wearing those helmets like a couple of weirdos!
Not only that-
If we take off our masks, we can fly and travel across dimensions and everything!
Then we need some kind of device.
Now just kick your legs back and forth.
Man, what a waste of time.
What do you mean?
You said you wanted to work, right?
I think there's a certain cat-type robot that could help you with that.
Moooch mooch moochie moooch moocher.
Moooch mooch moochie-
What's the deal? You got something to say, just sa-
Special? Oh, you don't have to dance around the issue.
RED ALERT
Special Idiot
I've got the secret recipe for an omnipotent elixir passed down through the kappa generations.
You know, Hoshi sounded pretty stuffed up yesterday, too.
Actually, Rec might be the only one who's not sick.
Elites don't get sick.
I always sleep in multiples of 90 minutes.
Thermal on!
Wow! Rec always does his very best.
You should wait at least two hours before going to sleep.
Oh yeah? But you're so good at explaining things. You're really easy to understand.
Did you even hear a word I just said?!
It seems I've been wearing and wielding the wrong attire.
UFOs are just communication satellites! I'll work on the more impressionable twins first.
Fireballs are just plasma! Then move on to the adults.
aino kakera sagasu tabini Whenever I search for a taste of love
hashi no shita ni tatte Standing here under the bridge
What are you two doing?
Those stakes are way too high!
Next time, on 7 BRIDGE!
daitan aitsu no kougeki masa ni ikijigoku Boom boom, here comes the shock now, this all feels like a lovely nightmare
temochi no chippu wo anoko ni kaketara mabataki mittsu de nokkudaun Put all your chips on that little boy, he'll just go down in a flash
The bridge is kind of like the roof.
This is what you might call an open-air classroom, and it's actually not bad.
What's "standard ways" mean?
I know like five "standard ways!"
- It's pretty tough. - You should've known by now
Listen up, you two.
Ah, but you probably don't know what that word means, either.
Stella did?
If you betray your fellow brother, you cut off a finger.
It shows the other brothers the distinction betwee-
Stop talking!
Just be quie-
There's a lot I want you to truly comprehend.
Who would even wanna take classes with you?
I'm brainstorming a new song- "Classroom Decay."
H-Hoshi?
That's because...
I HATE YOU!
The twins certainly don't show any interest in what I have to say.
Hey, you two.
What a mystery!
Chapter 55: "Turf"
Don't poke the Big Bro bear.
Hey, Rec!
Friends
Friends Perfect.
Friends
Stella!
Donation?
That's right.
You, too. Come here.
Yay, let's do it!
You have to take your time when you do something like this.
Anyway, how long have you been lurking here?
- You bloodthirsty, bogus child of God in disguise! - Just one could take out a tank, no problem.
Yes!
Okay!
Fine. Sure.
No way! I'm nowhere near that talented!
S-S-Sorry.
Everyone else is fed up with it, too. Nobody will come help me anymore!
Oh yeah, I remember you mentioning that.
Sorry, cars are like... they just look like giant metal boars to an old fart like me.
Makeover?
Your hair used to be really wild, didn't it?
- So coool... - and shorter with a twist to the left.
Yeah, that suit is definitely impressive.
- So when you say they'll all fall for him "too,"
hashi no shita ni tatte Being able to admit who you really are... wouldn't that be cool?
What's... common sense?
We hafta go after them! We can't judge what we can't see!
Huh? No, I mean-
What I like is-!
It was the only time Father ever came to Parent Visitation Day.
It was an essay on my goals for the future.
On the car ride home, Father said to me:
You couldn't possibly understand what kind of man I am.
You'll never accomplish anything with such a vague goal.
my true purpose that day wasn't simply to discuss my dreams.
That's probably why...
Please, we're here for you. Let us help you with this!
Get your face right into the dirt!
Now tell me you want to be an earthworm.
Boy, talk about intense training.
Oh, yes, this is Maria-
He's a very skilled linguist and translator. He speaks six different languages.
I'm-
Dang, that was a nice dodge.
War?
Master Ko? Who is that other man over there?
I see. Please excuse my obtrusiveness, sir.
Hey, what are you guys up to?
Looks like fun!
So... Miss Niino, is it?
Are you paying attention?!
Sorry, Takai! What'd you say?
- I'm so jealooouuus!
It's been four days since the secretaries came to check up on me.
Yup, I'm here.
A kiss!
See? She's already forgotten all about it!
And you say you guys haven't even kissed once?
Way to go, Baldy. Now I catch what you're pitchin'.
Knowing Master Ko... no matter how much we prod him, he'll never kiss her!
But we are!
Really? He always looks like this.
I was battered, twisted, and splintered, like an old tree.
Humans are strongest when they're alone.
"Haha" nothing! That's not-
What is this, all of a sudden?
I'm a starfish.
If he'd acted at all suspicious, I was ready to "accidentally" pull the trigger.
Two between the eyes?
HEEEELLP!!!
Try flapping your arms more!
fuini warai goe Laughter came all too suddenly
aino kakera sagasu tabini Whenever I search for a taste of love
mou ikanakucha I should get going now
sakasama ni natte Everything is upside down
A pickled radish?
It's finally finished!
I'm wearing it. See?
That's all for today. Any questions?
Starfish? I'm not sure. I've never tried before.
Kitaishinai de himana dake anata to kieru gofun kan Don't expect anything, I'm just bored. 5 minutes and away with you.
- she loves me, she loves me not, sh-sh-sh-sh-
Hoshi!
Either way, he's lunch!
He might even finally be in love with me!
You can look, just this once.
Sister!
He already told us, dummy. To see the Virgin Mary.
The lady from the farm... her name's Maria?
What the hell are you doing?!
This is it. I'll destroy her.
I'm fully aware.
No matter how much Sister might love Maria,
Before worrying about others,
Or maybe you just ran away?
Now, now, Stella. I understand that you're upset and confused.
So let's just calm down, oka-?
YOU
She'd kill me a hundred times over.
She shaved my head nearly bald.
Until now, I... I...
Whaddya want, Maria? Big Sis doesn't need your pity.
Do you think you and I could be friends?
Aww. Stella, that's a cute little move.
I wouldn't mind showing you how to do it later.
Oh, yeah. I see him in here a lot.
What? No. It's just me in here.
Hey! What's up?
You casually invited him into your trailer.
God, just shut up already! The "young man" you saw was me!
Why'd I leave without my face on?
How could any of those ludicrous songs of yours ever get that popular?!
Hey, missy.
Hey...
Just a couple questions.
Worms are always sittin' there, chewin' on dirt. Even though it's frickin' gross!
Because the Moon's light is only a reflection of the Sun. And I'm the same way!
You're the brightest star in the sky!
And I called Elvis to ask him to be the next guest.
Nino, I'll save you!
- "Kappa Dokkin Kappadokia!" - "Miracle Mute Metamorphosis!"
This one?
To wish
It retains the contours of our hands and fingers.
Its purpose is not to transform a perfect gem,
Mezame no kissu wa madoromu anata ni ayakashi rippu na ohimesama Dozing off to the kiss on the lips that wake you up, the strange lips of a ghostly princess
deai no kippu wa yumemiru anata ni mayakashi VIP-na Air Force Your dreamer's one-way ticket is an Air Force VIP forgery
Stop freaking out, Recruit.
This is just too weird! I know you can use food to tame animals, but-
Isn't that a little extreme?!
Yup. Grown men should be closest to the fire, right?
Wow.
I'm drying out!
You can do it, Chief!
He doesn't even have a bucket.
I have to put everything I've got into this one attack!
He used the water on his head-plate!
- Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray! - When it comes to the Chief.
Freedom.
They simply aren't things a man of your caliber has earned.
W-W-
Nuclear-?!
- gency
Since Rec's here, should we break out a deck of cards?
How can you be so calm? Don't you see what's happening here?!
You can't win against someone like him.
- So cute! - Ahh, it's Kappa-chan!
Really?
Rec, you really are a good man.
That's not it at all!
There's no way you can be sure of that.
No thank you.
Nice place.
Walkers?
Wh-Wh-Wh-What are we gonna do?!
Is that right? Well, how wonderful.
Yes, well... I'm here today to make a little request.
Well, I wonder what it could be. Out with it already,
Well, to be honest, I'm here with an eviction notice for-
Didn't your mother ever teach you how to ask for a favor?
Today's your lucky day. I'll teach you some manners myself, you impudent maggot.
Everyone just be quiet, okay?
but I'm here with a request.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
- Maria before noon is the embodiment of sadism. - I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Are they really gonna start building here?
nagareru uzu ni atte Coasting through this swirling life
Nino?
Don't worry, Nino. Your lover is, as always, perfect!
M-M-M-Master Ko! It's been so long!
Ichinomiya Company Arakawa Development Project
This is something I've spent a lot of time developing.
They can't have any real work to do yet.
Rec said I should put this on and just wander around.
Superior Aura He takes advantage of his superior aura.
He was a total stranger.
Acting like he was some big shot- He was just mocking us!
I've got two days worth of fish waiting for you.
You said you wouldn't be back for a week!
I've been looking for you, Rec.
I'm touched by your efforts.
I'll be back in no time. I just have to take care of some things at the office.
She's forgotten his face.
Chapter 90: "Father and Son"
Thanks, Takai. I am now forced to completely shatter his ego.
Huh? Daddy?
What is this?!
One more what, Takai?!
No. That won't be necessary, Takai.
So, that was...
Perish the thought!
That's right. I forgot Whitey used to be a businessman.
Well, Rec... a park is meant to be a place for everyone, right?
In that case,
But that's just my perspective.
We can't always be catering to "walkers," you know.
There's no psychokinesis guard anywhere!
But-
I could hardly bear listening to the report.
Those knees don't lie.
call him directly.
CH. 94 "ARAKAWA QWIK-SKIT CHALLENGE"
Jesus hikikaesenai no hayaku kizuite Jesus, I can't go back now. Hurry up and notice me.
I'm sorry-my hand acted on its own! I'm sorry!
I dunno what your sad sack story is, but how can a grown man still be afraid of his dad?
Everyone is scared of something.
Everyone is-
How old do you think he is?!
Yup! I'm not just-
Got it!
You're not scared, are you?
The Arakawa Development Project has been... shut down?
Sorry for bothering you.
How-?!
Not now! I'm going out for a while.
That's it!
Love me back, love me back, love me back!
Chapter 97: "An Unbound Man's Father"
Why?
Stars are real cold, huh?
I-I'm freezing cold and m-my body hurts all over...
Here.
Goodbye.
Nino... how-?
itsumo nazeka sabishiku naru I get sad, and I just wish I could tell you why
itsumademo bokura wa Apart now for the longest time
Great! Then why don't you go first, Rec?
Unyielding
deai no kippu wa yumemiru anata ni mayakashi VIP-na Air Force Your dreamer's one-way ticket is an Air Force VIP forgery
jikan ga nai no ima nan ji jugyou kaishi no gofun mae There's no time now, what time is it then? It's 5 minutes before class starts
daitan aitsu no kougeki masa ni ikijigoku Boom boom, here comes the shock now, this all feels like a lovely nightmare
I dunno, I just use the pressure of the deep.
You call it a salon,
I've had my eye on you for quite some time.
Could you color the tips like baby corn?
He's a barber with a topknot.
Ready? This is Sakamoto Ryoma.
Cool. Rec, we should get going.
Chapter 103: "Billy and Jacqueline"
Billy and Jacqueline, I think.
Forbidden Love But... our forbidden love!
And I'd be lying if I repeated you.
The fair was so much fun!
I wanna go to the fair.
It's my dreamland!
Sound of Romance Master Ko's Sweet Whisper Room
I can just imagine what he'd do with it.
Fairs... fairs...
It's gonna be great!
Cool!
What the heck do you think a fair is?
Whaaa?
Rollercoaster Hey, Rec. You still got tickets for the rollercoaster.
But still...
There it is!
That was...
itsumademo bokura wa Apart now for the longest time
All right, let's give this a shot!
Thank him?
What a wonderful design.
It was a bulletproof vest.
Hey, Ric.
A hundred times I'll make her regret getting close to Sister!
No matter how much Sister loves Maria...
Even if I don't have a thread of hope left, I'll never lose this feeling!
It's all-natural!
Our target is Maria! The head of Maria!
Enemy!?
They were chasing after me, calling for my head!
She's cute, but I've wanter an opportunity to talk with her real self for a while now.
Doesn't it sound fun?
My legs are shaking so hard I can't move, so I'll be watching from over here!
You're letting your emotions run away with you, and making a mistake.
Maria.
That's not all!
But now they're shorn!
In just that moment!? Impossible!
It was fascination at first sight. hurrrrrr.
Hello? Anyone home?
She silenced you!?
You're a wonderful strong girl.
Here.
Makes me feel all lighthearted.
And a trip up top to be reminded of the real world, too.
That has to be it.
I just figured it out!
All right, I'm here!
Like that.
That's fucking scary!
I'm not here to play along with your fantasies.
What!? I was just getting to the best part! Have some consideration!
Hey, do you have a name?
Without the sun of my producer, I can't sing!
You're not the moon.
So quit wearing a star mask!
But if he was actually telling the truth, he's really amazing!
He shouted so loud his voice broke!
So what was it, a sance special?
She always does toss in her sleep.
It's time to go, Stella.
That day, on the playground
If you compared a persons heart to the sea,
and keep kicking toward the cold seas bottom.
Theres no time. What time is it?
gofun de
Hey, Jesus, have you come to that guy over there?
bam bam aitsu no hougeki
My sleepy legs are always riddled with bruises.
demuchi no chip to anoko ni kaketara dont know the first word
ima nara maniau
For now, at least, Ive moved into a shelter away from the cold.
Ill hang a picture up for decoration or something.
Rec, can I come in?
Might this be a fish from the river?
I want to feed my lover when hes hungry, at least.
That means, in this situation,
Nothing at all!
So far, everythings been so unrealistic that Ive not thought much about it.
Yes! Im eating.
C-Crap, Im so nervous.
Which beauty parlor do you go to?
Do you have a favorite baseball team?
From what I remember, Nino-san is
Dunno.
But I guess Ill have to forget bathing since Im under a bridge.
Ha bi ba nono.
That is all!
No.
Mission complete.
Shes surprisingly impenetrable.
And I thought you didnt have that sort of common sense
AhThis feels great.
How troubling.
What the heck am I thinking?
And who might you be?!
to your welcoming party.
For now, it seems we could get along well.
Is that true?
Rec.
Youve met Shiro, huh? shiro- white
No way!
I thought up a way to never walk off the white lines four years ago,
Whats wrong?
All right, the guest of honor is here.
Could you introduce yourself, Rec?
As you all know, Ichinomiya is the worlds greatest
How true.
Its Mass.
She must be as kind as the Virgin Mary.
You dont have to be shy. Just go and get one.
If you grit your teeth and get through it,
Im not OK at all!
there was an unexpected laughing voice.
On my journey in search of fragments of love,
itsumo nazeka sabashiku naru
hashi no shita ni tatte nagareru mizu ni atte
No way I'll be in debt at a place like this!
It was really hard to make him "burp."
Ah, that's so nostalgic.
I won't say another word.
Tha-
She's my life saver so from today onwards, every time I taste a good piece of cake, it's thanks to her.
Home?
It's done.
B-But this house is cold, right?
What's with your voice?
Huh?
Are you a cat?!
I'll treat this as a normal house shifting.
If I think like that, there won't be a problem.
Really? I see.
Um... What are you doing?
I'm afraid if you call him like this...
You called?
HE'S GREEN!
It's only natural to be surprised.
That's true! This is my first time.
The chief is a kappa.
As it's true that I'm a Venusian, the chief is a kappa.
Are you okay?
Not at all.
However if my lifesaver states the rule, and I'll be staying here from now on...
Nice name.
Tch, all right then.
Please call me Recruit.
You are from the Secret Skill society-
No, I'm not.
Though you did say that you'd forget about me after not seeing me for a day...
Come to think of it, there's no way Nino-san would have an extra futon.
Sure.
Really? You are so great!
But, it's good to hear that my lifesaver didn't have to endure the freezing night.
I left the place quickly.
How hot can you stand before you die?
What is it? Something you need...?
Yes! I'm eating! It's delicious! It tastes great!
A girl's topic... A girl's topic... AL: it's more of.. "a conversation to talk to a girl with"ed: what you got works
Do you like dogs? Cats? Birds?
She can't be a real Venusian.
Hey.
Well... I guess so.
We'll leave the self-introduction for later.
Watch me as I cook it in one go!
Umm... then that white stuff I saw just now...
Those are traces of where I've been. those or they?
I'll let these weird people know that I'm totally different from them.
I'm the heir to the CEO of Ichinomiya Company.
Mass?
The residents under the bridge have various jobs.
Hmm. A Sister that lives under a bridge...
Then she must be a person that is as gentle as Saint Maria.
Everyone...!
Eh?! That's not a Sister at all! That's a Brother!
Stay quiet for a bit. The Mass is about to start.
His face has a scary scar too.
Riku. This has nothing to do with the scar.
It's all right.
Wait... I-I-I don't know if this is love!
But his scent reeks of gunpowder.
But I felt that I wasn't chosen.
Allow me to give you, one who has lost his way, some advice.
"...everything will be fine."
Everything will be fine, huh?
It's half eaten too!
...and you answer with "what's wrong with that?" Huh?!
Well, I'm here to determine whether or not you're speaking the truth.
Part 19 Men's Brotherhood
I have her go back home after she wakes up, though.
But anyway, I didn't think that he'd really cry.
Okay, that's enough.
A-Are you...
You probably only received obligatory Valentine chocolates from your family.
Since her useless boyfriend didn't bother to take her on a date.
That's the number of chocolates I receive every year.
Hoshi-kun, thanks for the advice.
It's the job of this boyfriend to take Nino on a date!
You rascal! Stop your rampant declaration!
There's actually two leftover bags of cookies today.
Relationships High Risk No Returnsed: I'll leave this under the assumption he MEANS this to be an equataion.
Uhh... Please hold on.
...we'll seal off traffic entering Rainbow Bridge.
Part 23 To the Estuary
Oh? You're telling the sequel already?
Why are you going back?! Please just wait!
What's that got to do with...?
Huh? What did you say?
I felt that recently I'm able to converse with her...
And yet she doesn't want to tell me why...
Are you sure? That plan of yours...
Would you like to go see it together?
Well, the design of the dress is a little complicated.
Something wrong?
Ehh, really?
I'll do voice acting, right.
The very next day, that man never returned from the front lines.
A princess in clown's lipstick kisses you awake from your nap
Jesus is sitting right across from me, what do I do?
Here comes his attack, pretending he didn't hear my 'bye-bye'
If you toss the chips in your hand at that girl, you may just sweep her off her feet in three winks
For some reason I'm always so lonely
We'll always be looking for an answer
Wait, are you really gonna set a fire for that!?
I owe the Mayor a deep debt.
Ahh, I'm almost boiling...
He's kind of frivolous.
There's no reason for Sister to be that deferential.
Oh. You're here early.
Wow, everyone's showing up.
Oh, really?
No, I'm just worried about what would happen if you caught fire.
You think I can just stand here and let you talk about me like that?
Wait, seriously, what.
I know you said you owed him before, but do you really owe him that much?
Here goes!
On a riverbank resplendent in greenery, men in gray suits labored fervently.
We don't really know either.
No, not nukes.
Checkmate.
I don't know what he's planning, but whatever he decides to do, he makes sure happens!
Episode 81 "Emergency Situation"
Once they start construction for real, we may not be able to live here anymore!
I've taught Sister the magic words to use if that happens.
Oh, right, those.
Really!?
Yeah. Even if it's come to this, for a long time now, I've had the area under the bridge...
No matter where Father goes, whenever he travels, he's sure to choose the shortest route.
Yesterday, I heard the news that riverbanks were to be reopened for development.
Why is this happening so fast, anyway!?
If you have enough spare time for this, you'd be better off using it laying more white lines!
Hello! I'm here from the MLIT!
I came to ask a favor...
Now, now. That's not how'the appropriate posture' you ask a favor from someone.
Um, did you...
They're really going to kick us out of here!
Nothing wrong with moving.
Listen to my song!
Don't touch it, it'll never let go of your fingers!
According to Nino-san's wish, we went to the estuary of the river for our first date.
Hey, Riku.
Indeed.
Although we're so close, our hearts are still at a distance!
Then getting closer, am I right?
Probably...
This is working, Recruit, so let's move on!
Let's rest a bit for now.
Riku! What are you doing? It's dangerous-
It only needed a little push to move.
Assemble!
She's Stella.
But...
This is a headache.
Ahh... a real headache.
And honestly, I'm not good with kids.
What's wrong?
She must have been very lonely.
I actually forgot she was brought up by Sister!
She probably doesn't understand the word...
Only Stella could do it.
Uh! What I'm doing...
That's what I want to know! What the heck just happened?!
That's what I did?!
While you're here, it's okay to treat me as your big brother.
Riku-san!
Yes, Boss!
Can I carry stuff that even Sister can't carry?
So that kappa does know how to give good names too.
I think she's asking me to die, am I right?
Riku, aren't you glad that she likes you?
Sorry.
My apologies.
You dare say you won't eat a cookie that I give you?!
You're bleeding like crazy!
...I'm counting on you!
...the old wound I received as a soldier opens up.
Sister, what's that?
You...
The girl of the vegetable farm is an overly clumsy girl.
No way...
Furthermore, green peppers look complete on the outside, yet empty on the inside, I feel cheated.
It's not like the green peppers wants to be bitter themselves!
That... that won't do!
If it's Paprika, it should be fine.
I'm sorry, Nino!
Oh, she wants to water them.
That's amazing, Sister!
What's that doll?
Well then, let's have a toast!
I dislike trouble.
Riku...
Stella-chan is so cute!
It and I...
Maria-san.
A gigolo should live like a gigolo in the darkest corner of the earth in shame.
The both of them are doing nothing...!
You asked me how much I loved her
I'm Hoshi!
I can't completely disagree.
That guy over there is a beautician.
I'm sorry, Riku-kun. I was too concentrated on eating.
A gigolo.
Dad! Dad!
No matter what, girls find it hard to reject people with a musical background.
Next episode, 6 Bridge!
We were born of the same species...
... and our lifetime overlaps each other.
...sadness...
Collectively, there is less than 1 chance of this happening together with everyone.
Huh?
It's... my win!
That reminds me, you said you were in charge of music under the bridge.
The other choice would be to give up on Nino-san.
Well, I believe you're better off just giving up on Nino-san.
That'll lay him down for a while...
Buji? ???????
It's dull... and it doesn't affect me anymore, anyway.
I know that, Dad.
Is there a problem?
Are you two really children underneath those masks?
Gigolo?!
We'll sink if we let go!
I was showing them an example earlier...
Nino-san unexpectedly takes care of others well. edit
If you really want to learn how to swim, take off those helmets!
What's wrong, Riku?
I took them from Piko. They're styrofoam boxes.
There are times when sprites will fall ill too.
This is the proof of my weakness.
What's bogus?
It's pretty clear-cut on the method of production too.
I'm getting healed!
Nii-chan, are you all right?
Oh yeah, Hoshi also had a nasal cavity infection yesterday.
You sure put your best in everything.
Hey, you can't do that.
Sudden body temperature changes will do harm.
Like I said, I'm not idling...
Oh, you brothers, take this.
Those guys... didn't even listen to what I said.
The normal Sister.
What's wrong, Riku-san?
First, I'll start with the kids.
The adults will be next.
Momma! Why do those people live there?
S-Somebody... save me!
The name Chief befits him.
Good job! One more! One more! One more!
This game is too severe!
To never rely on anyone else.
Or maybe there was.You were there? Ee, zutto.
Hey, drop those another inch and it's public indecency.
Objection!If you didn't want to see my ass, you should've looked away!
Am I going to die?
Why did you put a fish in my mouth!?
After all, you owe me now.
I've lived these twenty-one years not relying on anyone!
Want a bite?
i recognize this backgroundHaving someone save your life is too stressful!
How can I ever pay you back!?
Wow, she's pretty poor.
My chance to pay her back.
Come on, knock it off...
Ask for something, dammit!
The precepts of the Ichinomiya family are absolute.
Really?
How cold do you think you can get before it kills you?
But if I don't see you for a day, I'll forget about you completely.
Either way I'm moving in, so let's try your villa!
Great view, huh?
What are you doing?
You're green! You're a green greeny!
Leaves you all alone.
The mayor is a kappa.
You're a pain in the ass.
You're full of water!
That's right.
How sad.
What, didn't I introduce myself?
I'm Ko. Ko Ichinomiya.
Very well!
Give me a name.
If I have to.
One more time.
It doesn't have to be too cool, but at least give me something I can call myself in public.
Not bad, huh?
Here, you can use this.
Yesterday I was on enough of an adrenalin rush to think I'd be fine with that sheet,
Who are you?
You're supposed to let people finish their sentences.
Have you really forgotten me?
I can't even tell if she remembers.
Too bad. I only have one.
So you lent me your only blanket last night?
What, are you having another fit?
No. It's my fault.
Well, that's what the mayor said.
She's completely nuts! a wonderful orz
This is still my pillow, though?
This one. Mayor says I can only use it once a year though.
Well...
This is the first time in a while I've been up before noon.
Later.
She seems almost normal.
You're such a pansy.
That's right. We're too close together for a first date.
And then you can move a little to the right.
That's right! The date hasn't really started until we do that!
My arms can't take it anymore, either.
It didn't make it to the sea.
It wasn't much, but it worked.
bord5Everyone!
bord5Line up!
Who is she, Sister?
She's a girl from the orphanage I ran in England.
Here it comes...
Ric...
I have such a kind lover.
Now that I think of it, she grew up at an orphanage.
Stella wants to play...
I forgot that Sister raised her.
Stella's special move, "Kamikaze".
Oh? Not bad, Ric. You lost on purpose, didn't you?
On purpose? Did I?
Well that's good..
I've always issues with children, but well-behaved girls aren't that bad.
The fish's done. You gonna have any?
Yeah!
Ric...
Why do I keep making more and more enemies?
I might need to move something heavy.
I appreciate it.
Well, it'd probably be best if we did..
This is where all of the riverbank's dairy products come from.
You'll only be wasting the Earth's precious oxygen.
Sister, I really don't like her...
The sun's got better things to do than warm you up.
Here, Ric, have a cookie.
Right now I've got to hurry, I meet you in five minutes
Venus is your neighbor, so why can't you feel the love
Jesus, I'm sure you're sitting right across from me
There's no time to be shy, you'll be gone in five minutes
Born of the same species.
All right, we'll take turns with one song solos.
The victor will be determined by...
Nino's expression!
It's a battle of who Nino enjoys more!
Crack.
How pitiful...
So there's no second verse?
I'm looking for work now.
If you don't try, you'll never learn to swim.
Yeah.
The heart of the water...
If you can't breathe, it's fine if you don't, right?
For today, I'd like you to forget everything Nino just taught you.
In fact, if we take our masks off, we can fly!
What's wrong, Ric?
If you say that again, I'll kill you.
Then you need to use something.
Huh?
What? I'm just as naked as I was when I was born. there's an idiom for this that i forget.
Yeah, you can tell?
Anyway, why don't you take some medicine before it gets worse?
It smelled like polypropylene or something to me.
That's no good either.
When your body gets tired, it cools itself down.
What is it, Ric?
Really? Do your best.
Fireballs are plasma!
This is how I'll wring every last scrap of lack of common sense out from under this bridge!
Common sense can seize up just like that.
Help me!
Pan, pan, here and there, pan, pan, not realizing
We'll always be looking for an answer
to live is to constantly reach out. lit. "to be unable to stay still"
Sure, thanks.
A black-and-white car will come!
I see. Since she's "the oldest sister"...
Hey, Professor Ric.
Anyway, there's plenty I want you to know, no,
You...
Dammit, why is no one coming to class?
Amazing, isn't it?
There we go!
and come looking, it'll be too late!
Does it really fly?
It isn't really designed for passengers, and it can't make it all the way to Venus.
Stella!
Right, trillions. All right, cough up 100 trillion yen!
An villainous armed gang called a "school"!
Why do you have to do that!?
Come take a look, guys.
Are you having fun at school?
Ric...
Huh?
Don't worry.
This isn't something for an amateur to be playing with.
When did you get here, anyway!?
I see.
Sister...
You'd better listen to your teacher.
She mustn't be allowed a license to kill.
I haven't hit anyone!
Come on, Mayor, you tell her not to get a license, too!
Sorry, I forgot you were a youkai.
Isn't it?
My hair, huh.
Why don't you try your old haircut again?
All right, that gets me going!
If you say "everyone else", you mean you already like him, too?
Finally coming to understand your true self... Pretty cool, isn't it?
President!
That's Lord Arakawa!
If you don't say you like me, I can't hurry this feeling
I showed my father a little resistance.
Episode 62 "Lie"
Kou.
At least, the closest to normal.
How do you plan on getting them to buy that?
Anyway, maybe if you showed me that there really was no one lower than you?
I was just showing them how to really seal a deal!
It fits you so well! fits you so well. suits you so well. BOTH ARE HURRRRRRRR
To be honest, I'm kind of a connoisseur of suits my
Next! Next!
He's a linguist.
Of course it is!
Ko.
Just the people I absolutely didn't want to meet.
So you're Ms. Niino?
Ms. Nino, have you
Mr. Takai?
That smells great.
Anyway, about how long are you going to
Isn't a kiss more normal?
What are you doing, just coming out and saying that in front of Nino!?
Anyway, there's no way I could do that to Nino!
And then Ms. Niino is practically a grade schooler.
So...
That's exactly right!
I first began to serve Ko ten years ago...
And then...
Ko.
Huh? Wh, what!?
What a funny face!
I'm a starfish!
Can't do a thing about it, though.
Oh man, I hope you're not pregnant!
Yup.
Did he eat something funny?
He's been like that since we kissed.
You too.
I was amazed when you said you'd found a lover.
Of course not. Just in the right leg.
A bird for two seconds.
That's too bad, Ric.
Look at this.
You don't need to show me any more pictures of him. Ever.
What a marvelous house!
Are starfish edible? the mobster accent thing is in play this whole fucking ep
Hey! Star!
I'm a potato.
All right, let's give this a shot!
Fine, I'll tell you.
Thank him?
I'm a big girl who can infiltrate the enemy base alone now!
No! No, you haven't!
Wrong! Totally wrong!
But she's still a little girl!
Aveshi Maria!
Have you even listened to Sister talk about her?
Then why!?
You're the greatest, Boss!
It's still hard to believe that's Stella...
You may not know, but even though Stella plays innocent, she's actually incredibly evil! lit. super-tyerrible-evil. fix as needed.
I can trick her by being an adult! lit. 'with an adult's point of view'
Now, I'll show you the power of the new technique I developed for that purpose! yeah can we just drop this show
Where did she!?
Don't be in such a hurry, Stella.
Shooting star!
Wow, Stella! What a cute move!
You live by consuming their bodies.
Nino listened to my song.
The moon's up in the sky, silly.
I like it.
But if he was actually telling the truth, he's really amazing!
Wait, what if she falls off?
She always does toss in her sleep.
No, I sleep-trained Nino in aikido.
How about this?
We laughed without a reason
Everything's in reverse, and I'm searching for you
That day, on the playground
On my journey to pick up the pieces of my love
I've got to get going, before the sky falls
Its form may be uneven, but it's the form of one's own fingers.
Even if you're scared of fire, remember, we can control it.
Then why don't you get down from there and tell me that!?
Ahh, I'm almost boiling...
Thanks a ton, Sister!
episode 78 "Teamwork"
There's no reason for Sister to be that deferential.
Oh. You're here early.
So what's going to happen now?
Calm down! MBF! Remember your MBFs!
I can't just rely on some idiot in a costume!
But he doesn't even have a bucket...
Mayor!?
Here goes!
Secret art of the youkai!
Kappa spray! it's a spray on a skunk's or weasel's spray when chased. it's literally 'final fart'.
Good job, Mayor!
Show us your guts, Mayor! 
He looks like such a fool now.
And these are the words of Buddha.
I'll be on the news... This'll be my first time on the 8 o'clock news!
It's somehow soothing my bitterness.
Really!?
Yeah. Even if it's come to this, for a long time now, I've had the area under the bridge...
I'll be right there!
Hold it!
I can't believe someone as gentle as Whitey is this angry.
What are you, an abandoned cat?
It's him!
Just an ugly pig who's being properly trained by the citizens...
Um, did you...
He's completely broken.
I thought at least one of them would do it for me, but they all sucked."
This narration provided with Nino's assistance.
What's the matter? Try it on!
the discipline of this school will remain unshaken!
Kiryuuin Satsuki-sama, the Student Council President, stands before you!
How dare you insult the great Lightning Quick Matarou.
All right, then.
Nice to meet you!
Ryuuko-chan!
Aw, why'd you dodge me?!
You do? Play something for me!
Okay, I'll sing!
I'd like to ask you something.
This is bad, Ryuuko-chan!
He a big shot?
"No-Star"?
I have a question for you.
Bitch! How dare you?
A huge...
Prez...
Say what? I don't see you wearing a uniform!
but you're just a fool who doesn't even know how to wield that scissor, huh?
You think a telegraphed attack like that will land?
so they never sent word.
It's a special weapon that was developed to combat Ultima Uniforms.
Matoi Ryuuko.
Ow...
I reopened that wound from earlier, huh?
More.
Give me more.
I need more.
There'll be time for surprise after you put me on!
That's better! I'm a perfect fit!
As shared responsibility for your crime of treason against Honnouji Academy!
Using a hostage is a classic strategy.
Fried shrimp!
Ryuuko-chan!
Hold on tight!
If I don't wrap them, students from other schools get too scared to fight me.
But I like it!
I don't know what you had hidden in that cloak you were wearing,
I'm gonna tear up what little clothing you have left and send you flying!
My glove!
The view, that is!
Impossible!
You there.
Where did you get your hands on that outfit?
blur1This is a world tailored to someone's whims and fancies
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
Kiryuuin Satsuki!
I see.
Don't bother.
Satsuki-sama... You're as dazzling as always.
blur1This is a world tailored to someone's whims and fancies
blur1kyou wo nugisutete
blur1korondatte
blur1surimuita itami mo
blur1With my own hands
Dad?!
You pack a mean punch, Miss!
Don't just sit there, eat!
The uniforms that this country makes its students wear
Thank you for your kind words.
How are preparations proceeding for the Hokkaido interleague match?
Without fail, milady!
Are you saying no uniform is worthy of you?
you perverted sailor uniform!
I am able to explain phenomena that are occurring right now.
My father made you?
If I'm late for school again, I'll be expelled!
She's already filed the paperwork!
Begin.
Cut that out, damn it!
Yeah!
Screw you! There's a reason
Oh, dear...
More! Feed me more!
Feed me more blood!
You mean this sailor uniform?
Who the hell are you?
Thank you. It is all thanks to this Tennis-Spec Ultima Uniform I received from Satsuki-sama.
Not so fast, people!
That looks both painful and embarrassing, you masochistic exhibitionist!
Bite me! I'm not an exhibitionist!
Tennis Club Captain Hakodate Omiko, in a tennis match?
I'll take you up on that, then!
I knew you'd try that.
Oh, come on!
Only the Sword Scissor can withstand our strength!
This should do it!
It's all right.
So, are you going to tell me?
Are you the woman with the other Sword Scissor?
That's because you drank too much blood!
Mark my words!
Let's go, Mako!
'Kay!
I might find some leads at this school.
Hear ye, students of Honnouji Academy!
Lady Satsuki is the one who rules Honnouji Academy.
Have you come to, Ryuuko?
In 1933, the National Socialist German Workers' Party came to power.
V-Very well, sir!
Did you seriously think that a tear gas bomb would help you escape?!
Damn it!
Attention!
but that's nothing compared to the people who live here.
We're really good at sucking up to stronger people!
That little jerk!
That boy you said was "taken out" by the student council...
Aw, why'd you dodge me?!
Quick, bow!
"No-Star"?
Right. Our school uniforms have amazing powers,
They give you superhuman abilities.
So in other words, the top dog here is that student council president?
Bitch! How dare you?
Stand aside, you bastards!
Say what? I don't see you wearing a uniform!
Not so fast!
Yes, ma'am!
You!
Inform the heads of all our schools to remain on guard.
My apologies.
It's a special weapon that was developed to combat Ultima Uniforms.
Who's there?!
More!
What?
Lady Satsuki is the true ruler of Honnouji Academy.
All right, show me the power of a man's resolve!
I'm gonna haze you like a newbie!
Wh-What?!
Wow!
I didn't know you knew how to box too, Ryuuko!
This is awesome, boss!
Left jab!
Enough.
blur1yozora de kagayaki dasu
blur1original na ashita ni naru
blur1An original future for me
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
blur1So until the day I reach you
blur1yozora de kagayaki dasu
blur1And shines like a star in the night sky
Wow, I really felt that one!
Of course she does! I owe her for saving my life!
She looked like a total badass, swinging that scissor around half-naked!
If belting my husband or Matarou makes you feel better,
You'd never guess it, but he's a back-alley doctor.
The raised collars on boys' uniforms come from the army.
the might of Honnouji Academy and Lady Kiryuuin Satsuki.
At last, a Two-Star Ultima Uniform of my very own!
that power will be manifested.
Just you wait, Kiryuuin Satsuki!
while lower-tier students like us get the slums.
Our rule is that anyone who fails to come to practice must suffer the 110 Million Cannonball Serve.
Yeah!
Don't get too full of yourself just because you defeated Fukuroda from the Boxing Club.
She's talking to her clothes... How utterly pathetic.
More! Feed me more!
This Godrobe is awakened by your blood.
The Tennis Club shall subjugate Hokkaido without fail.
That looks both painful and embarrassing, you masochistic exhibitionist!
What about yesterday?
That was yesterday!
I won't hold back!
Too weak!
You're only just beginning to learn the might of the Tennis-Spec Athleticism-Augmenting
That won't work this time!
Here we go!
Mako! My scissor!
You can't be serious!
just how much of that Godrobe's power you can tap into.
blur1I'll break free of its shackles
blur1yozora de kagayaki dasu
We simply can't have you looking at me with such passion in your eyes at school.
You're quite nave when it comes to this subject, aren't you?
Like Senketsu?
Don't make contact without the appropriate precautions.
Analysis complete.
I can't allow anyone past here, not even you!
Lady Satsuki, your mother has expressly forbidden the removal of that outfit.
Please return it at once.
I can't do that.
Lady Satsuki!
Even a Godrobe is but a mere garment!
You really are welcome to stay as long as you like.
It was closer to "all butt-naked", really.
Ew, this uniform has goosebumps!
What's wrong, Ryuuko? Didn't get enough sleep?
Uh-oh. Little Miss Satsuki went and brought something dangerous to Show and Tell.lol
So the reason you were afraid yesterday is because you sensed that thing?
Your opponent is more powerful than you are.
Magnificent!
You have all this power at your disposal, and this is all you can do with it, Matoi?!
What?
That outburst just cost you fifteen seconds.
I'm not sure how I feel about someone in that exhibitionist getup making fun of me.
I, Kiryuuin Satsuki, will show neither shame nor hesitation,
The reason you were drinking so much blood
I don't know what you're thinking,
That oughta loosen your lips a little.
If you say you will topple it all by yourself, then I accept your challenge!
Senketsu!
Hurry up and get dressed too, Ryuuko!
What am I gonna do?!
Senketsu!
And it's a housewife's duty to stay home and do the laundry!
So please don't leave me! I'm begging you!
Are you okay, Senketsu?
"Senketsu"? What's that?
You gave your uniform a name?
There is a day when all of Honnouji Academy's No-Stars put their youth on the line when they go to school.
first frame of OP
blur1negaigoto wa zenbu kono te de
blur1I'll make all of my dreams come true
and make it to school by the time the first period bell rings at 8:30AM!
Leaving for school in a slovenly outfit like that
Is it, though?!
What is your name?
But do you think you can reach the school without your Godrobe?
Look, Ryuuko!
I've never seen anything like this before!
The people at this school sure love to hear themselves talk.
Up you go!
And you're Matoi, the transfer student!
I can't give up over something like this!
Oh, okay. We'll go on ahead, then. Don't push yourself too hard, okay?
It's a pie! A pie!
What time is it?
No! No! If we don't do something, I won't be able to go to school anymore!
That's too sad for words.
It's a minefield!
No way! They have it so easy!
Maiko, you can be pretty bad-ass, you know that?
How?
You let your guard down, Ryuuko.
Yes! I'll become the empress of Honnouji Academy
I'll have to try that for myself right away!
Aren't you going to try out that "strepower" of yours?
So uppity! So impertinent!
no one can stop it!
How about now?
I swear on my pride as a Disciplinary Bureau member
that I will at least see that you are forever branded as a tardy student, Matoi Ryuuko!
O! M! G!
Well, no matter.
That's far beyond the likes of you!
Get out of my sight!
Matoi Ryuuko?
Fool! A mere gun is useless against an Ultima Uniform!
Let me tell you two useful pieces of information.
blur1I'll break free of its shackles
blur1Even if I lose my way
I can immediately spot any change in your physiology.
You're doing a two-man comedy act all by yourself!
Sorry, sorry!
Your uniform, however, will receive no mercy!
You bastard! Which club do you belong to?
Huh? Wh-What the hell are you saying?!
and that's the path that we of Nudist Beach have chosen.watLOL
What if Matoi proves herself to be a powerful ally?
That's why I'm going to terminate it now,
Even if they did, I would continue to go after the Godrobes.
Earth to Ryuuko!
Then this is nothing more than a struggle between a sandpiper and a clam.
In that case, it's my job to cast the net.
Shut up.
Gardening!
Ryuuko.
Quit bugging me! What now, another lecture?
I'm sorry, Ryuuko, but I can't go on any longer.
Senketsu!
You have no hope of winning.
She was a fool.
And because of her foolishness,
Ryuuko... Escape without me!
A girl like that could totally make friends with clothing!
Did it... talk just now? The uniform talked?
Turn yourself in, too.
You and I need to become even stronger.
That kid has connections all over this town.
What was my dad researching?!
Oh well, it worked out in the end.
blur1itsuka kimi ni todoku sono shunkan made
blur1I don't have the time to sit around crying
What else could they be for?
she personally vetoed the suggestion.
I'm amazed that there are even two people out there who can handle a uniform made entirely of Life Fibers.
Wow! There's something out there that not even Inumuta, Intelligence and Tactics Officer, can believe?
It's just one unbelievable thing after another, really.
Of course not.
With these eyes, I can't possibly lose.
If I win, treat me to tea or something.
I was summoned by name by one of the Four Devas.
Let's get right to it!
Behold! Secret Technique: Heaven's Eye!
For every motion a human makes, there is a preparatory motion.
Sanageyama instantly reads all of those preparatory motions
M-My eyes!
True.
and here is my proof!
Observe what happens when you force a man to change.planescape torment???
What is this intimidating aura?
Body!
Oh, crap! These aren't the moves of someone with no eyes!
Say what?!
Sealing his eyes shut boosted his affinity with his Ultima Uniform.
It's all over.
This was no disgrace, Sanageyama.
Yes, ma'am.
Front and behind mean nothing to me now.
ed ryuuko frame
If you're done eating, Ryuuko, the bath is drawn and ready.
Lively meals are a great thing.
blur1hadashi de hashitte iku
blur1An original future for me
blur1itsuka kimi ni todoku sono shunkan made
blur1My burning passion pours out from within me
blur1umarete kita imi ga
blur1wakatta ki ga shita
Time for lunch!
Ka-swoosh!
So I'm gonna do the same.
Yeah. And I don't need no Ultima Uniform.
I already got my Godrobe.
and list of club member families.
But I can't! I can't!
Suits me fine!
But what the heck is a "front-alley doctor"?
that came from actual cows and pigs!
Location has nothing to do with it!
I hereby propose that the Fight Club's standard of living be raised!
Damn, I almost forgot!
What?
Nice chocolates you have here.
Unless something is done,
Let me fight her again.
I see you're back to eating on your own, Ryuuko.
Tell me, Ryuuko.
Is this really victory?
Say your prayers!
She's choosing friendship over her own life?
Wh-Why?
Why aren't you stopping me?!
And you call yourselves parents?!
Take that silly thing off.
Pull a stunt like that again, and I won't be so nice the next time! Got it?
You said it! They're the best in Japan!
He is correct.
Disciplinary Bureau Chairman Gamagoori Ira!
All students are hereby granted the right to attack all other students!
blur1Even if I lose my way
blur1Why I was born
she causes a state of anarchy within the academy. See?
You said it. There's luck in the last helping.
In that case, sir, I'm gonna borrow your scooter.
I'll go with you!
Oh, what the hell.
I broke bad and got into lots of fights.
I got a message from Dad saying that he wanted to talk,
I want to find those answers.
There's nothing here.
Say, Ryuuko.
It's not just Senketsu.
Come again?
This seat is so soft!
The Automotive Club and Airsoft Club merged to form the Automotive Airsoft Club.
I'm the one that they're gunning for.
Do you think you can escape Automotive Airsoft Club President Todoroki Ryousuke in that clunker,
Matoi, stay out of this.
Cry and shout all you want, but you'll get no mercy from us!
Yes! The more it's whipped, the stronger I become!
but here at Rinne-dou Junior High, no one can oppose us.
Come here!
If I live, my dad's job is history!
What the hell? What are you, a new student?
Wh-What the hell?!
Resolve?
all at once!
Three-Star Ultima Uniform: Scourge Regalia!
Jeez, it's not a picnic.
Fellow comrades of Honnouji Academy!
However, your battle has only just begun!
I will begin by designating new Three-Star students based on the results of the battle here!
Her first opponent is Gamagoori Ira!
feast your eyes on his fearsome, two-stage transformation!
You really are a fool.
Well, well. The one who suggested this is at the top of the lineup, huh?
All I did was defend myself when attacked.
first frame of OP
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
and good little boys and girls, let's sit back and enjoy the show!
Matarou, go steal us a TV set from somewhere!
No prob! I already got us one for just such an occasion!
Fine! Let's go to the electronics store!
Eating Mom's boxed lunches gives you one million horsepower!
I triggered a pressure point.
Say what?!
Then sit down, shut up, and watch.
Is something the matter?
You listening, Senketsu?
Do you want to fight or not?!holy crap rofl
Three-Star Ultima Uniform: Scourge Regalia!
What are you waiting for?
Crystal clear!
You acknowledge that a contest of endurance against me is futile?
Is that wise?
your very own power, Matoi!
Easily said, somewhat more difficult to do.
Join me there, and you will be able to attain new strength.
Like hell you will!
Are you all right, Ryuuko?
Your bad luck for getting stuck with fighting me!
He'll hit you with another counterattack!
What about your precious Lady Satsuki, then?!
Crap! I'm wrapped up!
If you do, I have an idea.
Yes. Will you let me handle this?
Gamagoori, that was foolish.
Life Fiber Synchronize!
Just like you planned, Senketsu!
It learned to alter its configuration based on battlefield conditions.
You are free to rest, Matoi!
Now I get it. That's interesting.
If you want to challenge the system,
blur1This is a world tailored to someone's whims and fancies
blur1Or trip and fall
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
Quit pushing! Quit your damn pushing!
Lady Satsuki, I, Gamagoori Ira,
Even with your encouragement,
If your faith in her falters, you may find your own footing grows unsteady.
but I have a different relationship to her than the rest of you.
I see.
but given that yours is 100 Life Fiber, its effect is that much greater.
when it's clad in nothing but Life Fibers?
Eat this!
Make a crazy attack even crazier, and it'll hit.
Yeah, 'cause I can't stop here!
What's the matter?
Hey! I'm the one who's up next!
What the hell, man?!
But, Inumuta, why are you wearing a tracksuit?! Have you no shame?!
So she's the key to getting you to relax?
The bass really reverberates, doesn't it?
I'll make a castle for you too!
No.
Chew on this!
I'll just have to bring you down to my level!
flimsy ropes of yours!
Every part of Senketsu's body is a bundle of Life Fibers!
I can withstand an explosion or two!
Is this about the girl in the Godrobe?
You're finished!
You're telling me to prepare for the worst, are you?
first frame of OP
blur1With my own hands
Hey!
What's the big idea?!
Like hell you will!
I'm going to erase you!
What the hell?
En Wait, what?
I'm just getting warmed up!
I don't know, but I can only hear your voice faintly.
Shut out all the extraneous noise, Senketsu.
I'll snip the threads of your fate right here!
Can you hear now, Senketsu?
She's trying to send it back to me?
Give it a rest already!
Examination of the Symphony Regalia is still underway.
This is the only one we have, so use it carefully.
I'll file away that bit of snide commentary.
The woman who took my eyes and gave me the world.
Let's go!
I've never seen that happen before.
But her identity is unknown.
Honey! More money!
To where?!
You're no fun at all.
Eat this!
A Nexus Thread is a Life Fiber that has been imbued with the will to become clothing.
I may be an underachiever, but I have a name!
We have a real big shot on our hands.
Fresh from your dad's corpse!
ed ryuuko frame
Shouting, "Up yours!" out towards the sea: that's youth!smells like teen spirit
blur1negaigoto wa zenbu kono te de
Don't dodge the issue!
Why would I play friends with my dad's killer?!
Hey!
Now!
Trust Dr. Matoi to have something like that up his sleeve!
That ability shows that it's fitted with Life Fibers too.
I see you're not very good at naming things, Doc.nnb.jpg
Mind your own business.
Way to go, Dr. Matoi.
These scissors are really powerful.
In just a few minutes, she'll die from blood loss!
You mean "transfusion".
My dad steals his patients' blood so he can sell it off at a high price later,
so I've seen plenty of people die from excess blood loss!
Until I settle my score with Matoi,
Got it.
Sis, show us somewhere we can sneak in.
This is no time for that!
It keeps getting more and more monstrous!
That's what Life Fiber's gotta be like!
Yup.
Get back, Tsumugu.
I wouldn't dream of it!
Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko!
Back then, you brought me back to my senses!
That's awfully cold of you.
I was the one who ordered her to take the Sword Scissors from Matoi Isshin.
Chasing after your ideals? You're still budding.
The Disciplinary Bureau is more than sufficient for the Kobe Battlefield Trip Brigade!
Iori, are the Special Ultima Uniforms ready?
And now, I look forward to your maturation as commanders.
blur1Even if I lose my way
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
blur1itsuka kimi ni todoku sono shunkan made
blur1naiteru hima nante nai kara
I don't want to go! But I wish I could!
Yes.
There he is!
I'm twirling, Dad! Round and round and round!
Thanks, ma'am.
Kiryuuin Satsuki and the Kiryuuin Conglomerate
and I was unable to distribute it to the students!
Or so I thought. But you're different!
You defeated the Four Devas all by yourself
Get outta here! Beat it!
Clothing made by REVOCS is sold in ninety percent of the world's countries
Indeed.
That is exactly the intent of COVERS.
Why, then, was the Grand Couturier sent to Honnouji Academy?
Magnificent.
You have a reason to save the Kansai region for last.
I suggest you be careful. Anger my daughter at your peril.
Yes, that's right.
It's rare to hear you complain, Tsumugu.
He really has been suspended indefinitely, huh?
We'll have to do it ourselves.
Obeying Kiryuuin Satsuki's every word and then putting on Ultima Uniforms to fight?
Don't you think that's wrong?!
After him!
Gamagoori!
but these are not normal circumstances!
No. I'm afraid of myself.
Back then, you were crying.
Senketsu, if I go too far, I'll need you to stop me.
Well, Lady Satsuki barred me from the school grounds.haha fuck, they practically announced it all episode
Why are you here?
Find suitable hosts, and divide the scraps among them.
This battle is the first step towards realizing our ambitions!
Honnouji Academy Big Three Battlefield Trip, roll out!
Field trips are the source of many youthful memories,
The album of their youth is drawn in a deep, blood red!reddo arubumu no kisetsu
you would've been arrested by the cops for indecent exposure.
Touchy, aren't we?
That's right. He was chopped to pieces by her.
I didn't see anything else when I got there.
Huh? What's a teacher like you doing here, Mr. Mikisugi?
Mikisugi Aikurou! Let's begin!
blur1korondatte
blur1Or trip and fall
blur1naiteru hima nante nai kara
Molotov cocktails! Cut loose!
If you engage in armed resistance, we are prepared to retaliate in kind!
Oh my God!
Fail to do so, and you will be baptized by a flood of demons and monsters.
They're monsters!
Abekamo Academy's impenetrable defense!
You Kanto barbarians cannot hope to defeat it!
You might've thought you were hot stuff after Kobe and Kyoto,
I hate to break it to ya,
We're gonna kill ya!
They ain't counterfeit! They're Takarada Bucks!
Armed Ping Pong Club! Advance forward!
Armed Archery Club, Armed Track Club!
Our ironclad rules will tear through the armor of a mere tank as if it were paper!
The meat's cooking! Yum!
Surrender peacefully, Oobayashi!
I don't have time to mess around with you.
It sounds like Gamagoori and Jakuzure have wrapped things up on their end.
They're all Combat Citizens who have been blinded by money.
Right! Let's climb it!
Huh?
Hey, you're Mankanshoku, the second-year!
What do you think the Battlefield Trip is about, anyway?
I'm sorry!
Oh, I get it, Ryuuko.
What is it?
Don't worry. I'll pick up the slack.
What was that? Some kind of bluff?
Cut the empty bravado, Takarada. Your voice is shaking with fear.
Oh, I'm scared! I'm scared, all right!
And just when I thought you couldn't sink any lower.
You gotta be kiddin'.
I'm not speaking of money. I'm speaking of your disposition.
Archery! Javelin!
Jocks like you ain't worth one red cent!
Good match!
How d'ya like this, missy?
Gourd Missile Shower!
Die! Die! Die!
I'll be recording the data from these new Three-Star Ultima Uniforms.
After all, the venom of the snake's flickering tongue is powerful stuff.
Do you think I'll allow you to continue with that pathetic gourd shower?!
Wh-What the hell is this?!what the crab, evenlol
It's baked crab paste for you!
If so, your trip was for nothing.
Very well, then.
Why isn't the transfer student transforming?
The true objective of the Big Three Battlefield Trip
Honnouji Academy Four Devas Regalia Mk 2!
Oh, right.
Senketsu, let's transform.
One minute is more than enough.i'm going to start seeing this cliche everywhere now aren't i
Nope! This is how I'll survive!
That fool!OTP
Look at this scorched wasteland.
What?!
Lady Satsuki!
Matoi!
Ryuuko, trust me.
If we are friends, put your faith in me.
All the blood I had sucked up was collected in the blade.
You heard him. This blade can cut your Junketsu, can it not?
Thanks.
But you're alone.
It's time to tell you everything.
saaNow, here's something that I'm sure you've all been expecting for quite some time.
barabaraIn order to put my pieces back together, Ryuuko headed to Kansai too.
Milady!
Are you sure, Uncle?
Oh?
And since I had time to kill because a certain someone barred me from Honnouji Academy,
I came all the way to pick you up!
Mankanshoku,
Follow us!
Wait!
fall into ruin.
As a Kiryuuin,
and as my successor,
it is now time for you to learn where all this began.
Dad?
Now, Ryuuko,
The source of everything:
We, the Kiryuuin family,
are the mouthpiece for COVERS' will.she refers to them as "them"
He's not only a sailor uniform,
So that's how it is.
We developed brains that far outclassed any other creature on Earth,
the Life Fibers left us with only the habit of clothing ourselves
Don't people wait until cattle are nice and plump, too?
Like I said, calm down!
But once he learned the terrifying truth, he fled from her
and secretly formed a counter-organization.
Until Ryuuko came to me, six months later.
but if they ever were to awaken,
they will be a massive threat to mankind.linked
So you succeeded in taking over all the schools in the country and suppressing Nudist Beach?
Is that so?
You've gotta be kidding me.
What are you doing?
Let's see.
Don't hesitate, Ryuuko.
Only we can stop them.
You did well on the Big Three Battlefield Trip.
She was pleased with our results.
You did well on the Big Three Battlefield Trip!
Do you honestly think a half-naked high schooler can beat me?
I suppose it is.
Mikisugi was right to keep us in the dark up until now.
But I pinned the cause of my anger on you instead.
He's a combat uniform that Dr. Matoi made specifically for you.
Indeed. I have been making it for you since you were five.
It seems like only yesterday.
You... found it bitter?
Did I never mention that?
And secondly:
Like daughter skank, like mother skank.
Put in simple terms, I suppose they will.
Yeah! I'm gonna jump down danger's throat and rip out its guts with my teeth!
Don't worry.
I won't lose control again.
Yes, ma'am.
they will be worn by their REVOCS clothing all the same.
Enough to satisfy even my sense of style.
Today is a celebration of those accomplishments!
The Honnouji Academy Great Culture and Sports Festival begins now!
Now, let the celebration begin!
What's that screaming?!
I slipped off! There's nowhere to grab on to!
The experiment is a success, Lady Ragyou!
You're
Honnouji Academy is the fortress I created in order to defeat you!
One of Honnouji Academy's Four Devas:
This is beyond my wildest predictions.
Say what?
I applaud your resolve.
I am no monster, young lady.
When a lady changes her underwear,
See that?
Oh, Mako.
What's the matter with you, Mankanshoku?OTP OTP OTP OTP
I did nothing of the sort.
We shouldn't have left it until she was a year old.one year old was too late
You guys are too serious. Such a bore!
This puny thread isn't anywhere near enough to shackle Senketsu and me!
Talk about condescending.
Mon Mignon Prt--Porter!
You and I have become completely one in spirit!
So in the end, this is all a mold-ridden plot for revenge?
is a most unfashionable thing to do!
Though I'm sure you wouldn't have been able to even stand in front of me without its help!
Your thought processes entertained me greatly.
But it's about time you returned Junketsu to me.
Beings born from the original Life Fiber.
You rotten bitch!
Ultimately, Satsuki was never fit to wear Life Fibers.
Matoi Ryuuko,
your body has been fused with Life Fibers, just like mine.
daughter of mine!you're the daughter of mine that was supposed to have died
Very few humans are merged this perfectly with Life Fibers.
If I'm not, then how do you explain that body of yours?
Okay, guys, cut loose!
I said the name's Mankanshoku Matarou, Deva chick!
Clothing made by Kiryuuin Ragyou's REVOCS Inc. has spread through the entire population.
having feigned ignorance while serving Satsuki as her butler.
Mrs. Mankanshoku!
Even if we can't talk to each other, we understand how you feel.
I, Gamagoori Ira, will devote myself, body and soul!
it gives me hope that the human race can yet survive.
The students at the academies that Honnouji Academy had conquered
have all been assimilated by COVERS.
their resistance to clothing completely disappears.
You should graciously accept any kind words I have to offer.
You're letting me live because I'm more valuable this way.
Omnisilk Kouketsu.
I see.
The work is progressing smoothly, I see.
The Sewing Club members here are pretty capable!
They're finally here.
Swords are more your thing.
Well, I'll do my best.
She's out!
A weapon combining offense and defense!
Whoa, I'm in my birthday suit!
All right, enough flirting. If it works, go rescue more people.
Get clear, Mankanshoku.
What is this, the COVERS Orchestra Club?
What's this noise?
Enough screeching, you bastards!
You let me live so you could use me, did you?
Next time on KILL la KILL, "Far from the Maddening Crowds".
Ryuuko!
That's right! I'm not human!
and I'm actually a monster.
Not a human.
And yet you're ignoring me, his killer,
I'm coming for your head.
Don't try to stop me.
I can't leave Ryuuko on her own!
Uh... I think we're all going to want to go after Matoi Ryuuko now.
Lady Satsuki's sharpening the fangs of rebellion!
mankind cannot prevail without Kiryuuin Satsuki.
Mankanshoku's the most stubborn person in Honnouji.she doesn't listen to anyone
You can no longer go back to the life you used to have, you know.
Like I said, spare me the small talk.
Have some more!
I get it, Ryuuko.
Junketsu!
Ragyou, you bitch!
When did these threads get here?
I can't have you wearing a cheap outfit like that Senketsu.
Stop!
Bad news.
Why's Ryuuko wearing Junketsu?
This can't be!
Wow.
you and I are the only ones who can stop her right now.
The pleasure of being enveloped by Junketsu?
She's right. Not even I know how it feels.
People exist for the sake of clothing.
Satsuki did?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
It doesn't matter if it's smashed to bits and pieces.
you've got no chance of making full use of that fake either.
You think I'm all bark and no bite?
I'm ugly?
People are born to be worn by Life Fibers.
Adorning them should be their greatest happiness in life.
Lady Satsuki!
What is wrong with you?!
That's why your teamwork's all wonky.linkingconnecting moves etc
You haven't improved since wearing Junketsu at all!
You're a pathetic princess who stands atop a mere sandcastle.
However, our hearts are as one.
It won't fall apart that easily!
Damn it, Satsuki!
Senketsu and I can't beat you as you are now.
Congratulations!
Our job as the Kiryuuin family was to protect it until then.
What the hell are you talking about?
They're so pathetic I could hurl.
That's just useless.
How nave you've gotten, Satsuki.
Kill that girl along with Senketsu!
That's what Lady Ragyou wants.
Say what?
Come to your senses, Ryuuko!
Oh dear.
Ryuuko!
I've had enough!
Dying is fine by me!
Ryuuko!
That's the power of the Life Fibers within her body.
and now they're both in my hands.
Not if I can help it!
Let's go, Ryuuko!
Aw, I went through all that trouble fitting Junketsu to you,
I can't stand it!
Give it up.
That was a decoy!
My arms!
Huh?
This is what you'd call a golden opportunity.
Medics!
Cut it out, Matarou!
Let me off!
Head to Honnouji Academy at once.
Keep that in mind.
What should we do with Junketsu?
I thought no normal human could survive if you attacked them seriously.
We, the Four Devas of Honnouji,
Please, fight alongside me to protect that beautiful world, Ryuuko!
Whoa! Mrs. Mankanshoku's croquettes!
Would you shut up already?
She'll be here any moment now.
Matoi Ryuuko!
It's too late to care about appearances now.
You're ignoring me?!
It's called the "Celestial Seed Cocoon Planet" plan.lit: heavenly seed cocoon planetnote: i think the seed part is important now that i've watched the infodump that comes later
using that momentum to spray new seed across space.
You Northern Kanto monkeys and your lack of tact really drives me up the wall.
Ragyou.
You mean we need to destroy that transmitter in order to put a stop to her plans?
"Mr."?!
I see.
please take care of your sister.
Grab on.
Okay.
You're the ones who deserve the gratitude for turning it into two blades.
But she'll be lying in wait for us, huh?
The original Life Fiber is everything in one.the alpha and the omega, obv
Ryuuko!
Thanks, Mom!
Is she eating while fighting?
It's headed this way.
She said nothing of the sort!
Probe Regalia:
Supreme War Regalia!
Dog!
That doesn't mean we should let them do as they please!obey them
Big words from a pig in human clothing.
You think we can't do anything?
Finishing Move:
Ryuuko! Ryuuko!
that you were able to stand against me at all.
That was the idea she came up with.
Shit! This thing's too hard!
It sure is!
Those Godrobes, those silly Ultima Uniforms,
We managed to take out the original Life Fiber,
If anything should happen to you,
Got it?
It's time.
SUDDENLY
We already put the original Life Fiber six feet under,
As mankind faces its greatest crisis, so does TRIGGER!
Behold!
This is what you get for barging in on your own.
Here are the pictures our communications satellite took from all over the world.
It's still alive?
Mako!
It can't be true!
I've had enough of your shtick.
Come, Ryuuko.
Lady Ragyou.
This marks the end for mankind.
H-How?
Blade Gale!
I can move again!
Godrobe Junketsu!
Mankanshoku!
nor clothing!
Life Fiber Synchronize!
Nope, nope, nope!
Yeah.
Behold the power of Ego Burst!
It frees me of my restraints and allows me to unleash my emotions!
Your grand Cocoon Planet Genesis plan is in tatters now,
part b
Leave the rest to me.
So it's begun.
For girls' fashion!
That's enough, Ragyou!
I can still fight!
At those twinkling stars.
That was determined the moment this universe was born.
I should cast it aside!and become a disney villain
This is the end!
You're not the boss of me!
So that Senketsu and I could reach the peak of our strength!
I was born capable of evolution.
and everything else!
This is not the end, Ryuuko.
Life Fibers are still spreading across the universe.
Don't push yourself, Senketsu!this ending borrowed from the award-winning film "Gravity"
I'm sure your father can rest in peace now.is content now
Clothes that are far cuter than I could ever be.
I'm gonna beat you, Kiryuuin Satsuki!
I lost this duel, fair and square.
Is that so?
I can't strike a person like that.
You're only supposed to use your tears for emotional blackmail!
Boss!
We've got movin' to do too, kid.
There you have it.
Found some cheese!overlap
so they're all going to college.
She's done well.
Somewhere to rest the blade she's been sharpening all this while.desperatelywith all she had
I was only able to be myself because you were there for me.
What exactly were you pigs in human clothing planning to graduate from?!
So long as there is light in Kiryuuin Satsuki's eyes,
What's the meaning of this, Inumuta?!
but I've had to shelve them until now because of all your objections!
You're the only one who could pull this off.
the genesis of the Cocoon Planet won't come to pass.
Jeez, this robot is hard to handle!
Beating a hollow fake should be a piece of cake!
They are your own past selves!
Now that I have both the Heaven's Eye and the Mind's Eye,
Cease your futile resistance!
Without your Godrobe,
You wanna bet?
Ryuuko!
I can't allow any more bloodshed.
How could I ever face Senketsu if I did?
Isn't that right, Senketsu?
I hear you loud and clear!
Can you hear me, Hououmaru?
I don't know what kind of hell your life has been.
Get on!
A parting gift for my soon-to-disappear alma mater.
Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly it.
There is no room for excuses!
What were you trying to do by sneaking out an Ultima Uniform?!
So long as there is light in Gamagoori Ira's eyes,my
Salute!
So this is...
What the hell?
I guess I can't beat up people who're bowing and scraping.
Sorry! I'll go, I'll go!
I'm late!
How interesting.
You know each other?aikurou
Oh, that's just how Mankanshoku is.aikurou
Was that him out front?
We'll be sitting next to each other, so let's be friends!
By the way, do you play the guitar?
Yep.
This is one half of a giant pair of scissors.
The way you said that...
Hah! Never heard of an Ultima Uniform before?
I don't really follow you,
That girl sure knows how to beat a hasty retreat.
Such negligence.
Inform the heads of all our schools to remain on guard.
Froggy, Monkey, and Doggy. You three are a disgrace.
The rest is up to you,
A-A sailor uniform?!
I do not wish to go back to sleep!
The sailor uniform is talking?!
That's better! I'm a perfect fit!
Stop it!
Lady Satsuki is the true ruler of Honnouji Academy.
Using a hostage is a classic strategy.archaic?
All right, show me the power of a man's resolve!
Even I can tell that's illegal, and I don't even know the rules!
No, there's more to it than that.
Where did you get your hands on that outfit?
blur1With my own hands
Now, you'll tell me who this scissor belongs to,
Kiryuuin Satsuki!
At this rate of blood loss,
She'll be back.
Lady Satsuki... You're as dazzling as always.
A girl in a Godrobe, eh?
blur1With my own hands
Dad?!
If belting my husband or Matarou makes you feel better,
They shall be symbols of our control over the pigs in human clothing.
You just finished calmly explaining how you worked!
However, there is much that I do not know.
There's a pretty dramatic difference between the rich and poor here.
Hey, what's the big idea?!
I'm Hakodate Omiko, captain of the Girls' Tennis Club.
Of course she didn't come to your stupid practice!
Begin.
Go on ahead, Mako!
I owe her for a meal and a night's lodging.
I'm gonna make quick work of those Ultima Uniforms of yours!
Oh, dear...
Talk about your crazy extracurricular lessons.
Allow me to tell you why your Godrobe didn't activate earlier.
Feed me more blood!
Ryuuko?
Understand what?
The first order of business is the Tennis Club Captain, Hakodate Omiko.
and then you're gonna tell me everything I want to know.
What's that about?
The transfer student...
Let's begin! 110 Million Serve!
Hey! Why are you getting all picky now?
What?
Tennis Club Captain Hakodate Omiko, in a tennis match?
You're only just beginning to learn the might of the Tennis-Spec Athleticism-Augmenting
Double fault! Love-forty!
Ryuuko, use the Sword Scissor!
Got it!
Faul
It's creepy.
If you wish to know the answer,
Otherwise, you're going to pass out again.
Next time, I'll finish this once and for all!
blur1hamidashite shimatta atsui omoi ga
blur1umarete kita imi ga
blur1I think I now understand
These are the Godrobes.
Like Senketsu?
Dead leaves in the forest...
With my own two fists.
Activation of Life Fiber confirmed.
All it took was increasing the Life Fiber proportion to 50
I have no time to spare on fools.
This won't do at all.
And I will make it bow to my will!
I'm sorry. All we have is Mako's hand-me-downs.
becoming all but naked in the process.
I thought there was something fishy about you going to bed so early! It was to peep on me?!
What's wrong?
Rejoice, Matoi Ryuuko.
Let's do it, Senketsu!
Be careful.
Magnificent!
Of wearing Junketsu!
Is that all you ever talk about?
But you have yet to put me on.
Senketsu... Why?
This is the form in which a Godrobe is able to unleash the most power!
The fact that society's values shame you only shows how small-time you are!
I, Kiryuuin Satsuki, will show neither shame nor hesitation,
What foolishness is this?!
What?!
Yeah.
You are wearing me, and I have been put on by you!
I'm gonna crush them.
but I'm gonna take all those precious ambitions and aspirations of yours
That oughta loosen your lips a little.
You bet your ass I do.
you're gonna have a rough time tomorrow morning!
Please, don't!
Nothing doing!
It's a student's duty to go to school and study!
Oops, I forgot to panic! Today's the big day, Ryuuko!
Big day?
You're fine in your PJs! Just move!
So please don't leave me! I'm begging you!
"Senketsu"? What's that?
Actually, this is surprisingly pleasant.
blur1Even if I lose my way
blur1Those wounds will still create
blur1I hold my destiny in my own hands
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
blur1And shines like a star in the night sky
blur1I'll make all of my dreams come true
I can see that you are confused, Matoi Ryuuko!
One of Honnouji Academy's Student Council Devas!
Allow me to explain!
No, I sleep in the nude.lol
Mankanshoku, you say? I'll remember that.
And there's only three hours to go until our first class, Ryuuko!
I'm falling! I'm falling!overlap
I neglected to mention that use of the No-Star commuter cable cars is prohibited!
Right, then! All aboard!
Honnou Town is the private property of the Kiryuuin family.
As long as we can reach our classroom in the next fifteen minutes, we'll be on time!
Or should I say... Matoi Ryuuko?
That's right!
spying on their behavior and developing traps!
to go toe-to-toe with Lady Satsuki herself.
Get real.
If it means powerif it means standing on top of the world
Mako!
Why won't my body move?!
I'm so sorry I tricked you!
Aren't you going to try out that "strepower" of yours?
It's freshly cleaned.
Right?!
This is my ultimate weapon!
I set it up just in case something like this happened!
It will be Oogure Maiko's final act of defiance!
Ryuuko, help!
You'll be late!
Shut your mouth and take us to the end of the line! Full throttle!
No way! One minute?!
That's far beyond the likes of you!
You don't deserve to attend Honnouji Academy!
There's no time to get out at the station!
blur1dareka ga katteni kimetara kimeru you na
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
blur1I don't have the time to sit around crying
blur1hamidashite shimatta atsui omoi ga
Yeah, basically. It's no big deal.
I'm incapable of having a smug look on my face.
and I would've had to eat it all over again!
any fatigue she had will be alleviated, any sickness cured,
One: I'm not a pervert.
You're interfering with our mission.
What if Matoi proves herself to be a powerful ally?
Analysis has revealed that these needles are composed of a special alloy,
So it's the Godrobes he's after.
I seem to recall someone saying that he wouldn't let me transform!
Where'd you go, Pervert Club?
You think I'm gonna do what some pervert tells me?
This thing just tried to escape by itself.
People and clothing can't communicate.
Now then. Let go of it.
You want to go through all that suffering again?
However, I've grown bored with the melody you play.
And hand over the Godrobe to the likes of you?
Senketsu!
You're my friend.
I suppose this means your debt to me is repaid.
Two: If I see things coming apart at the seams,
See? Here's you and the mohawked guy in the background, clear as day!
He almost killed me, dammit! So what the hell is your deal?!
After clashing in battle with him, you and Senketsu have become true partners!
I'm tired of hearing that excuse from you!
Ryuuko?
blur1This is a world that is at someone's beck and call
blur1Even if I lose my way
blur1I think I now understand
Wow! There's something out there that not even Inumuta, Intelligence and Tactics Officer, can believe?
Have you forgotten that Lady Satsuki ordered us Four Devas to simply stand by and watch?
If I'd had the slightest intent to attack, you could have easily killed me with just that teacup.
One against five hundred, eh?
This will prove once and for all whether Kiryuuin Satsuki is fit to lead us.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Not at all, milady, though I do find it a shame. That was your favorite cup.
This is Satsuki.
What's this I hear about you putting on your wedding dress?
I was summoned by name by one of the Four Devas.
I like your spirit!
I'm impressed, Deva! Time for me to follow suit!
Senketsu! I'm going full speed!
Be it a movement of the eyes or a twitch of the muscles,
That is the power of the Heaven's Eye.
I'd love to, but it's all I can do just to deflect these strikes!
You beat one of the Four Devas already!
How was your mother's disposition?
You needn't worry, Soroi.
Giving someone who was beaten a second chance?
This is the resolve of a man who has realized the error of his ways and sacrificed everything!
The smell of your sweat.hi Eien
Head! Body! Wrist!
Did you think your pathetic little trick would work?
Head! Body! Wrist!x10-12 times
Yum!
Your croquettes really are great, ma'am!
and Dad sent me off to a boarding school.
blur1chikai ga hikari ni natte
blur1And shines like a star in the night sky
Time for lunch!
Jack Naitou, president of the Knife Throwing Club, will take you down!he uses western name order in the audio, so keeping
Man, this academy's system is seriously messed up.
You switch gears real fast, don'tcha?
Club presidents are to submit a club activity log every Friday.
At the end of each month, expenses are settled and expense applications for the next month are filed.
Suits me fine!
Prepare to have the tables turned, sister!
Thread Stripper!
Taste our clay psychokinesis!
It even has a bathtub that's inside the house!
No more mystery croquettes!
that came from actual cows and pigs!
You're still gonna pull this Peeping Tom crap here?!
Location has nothing to do with it!
You're up against the Ping Pong Club President, Fuguhara Aizenbou!
Matarou.
Damn, I almost forgot!
right in the lap of luxury,
All right, Ryuuko!
What?
Thank you, sir.
Let me fight her again.
to have authorized the Fight Club as you did.
We shall find out soon enough.
Ryuuko!
Like a bolt of lightning!
Sorry, Ryuuko, m'dear.
But we can't give up the lifestyle to which we've become accustomed.
What's she thinking?
Why aren't you stopping me?!
If I keep this up, Ryuuko's gonna die!
So that's the true strength of your Ultima Uniform, Mako.
As of today, the Fight Club is disbanded!
Yes, ma'am!
Yeah, this is how this family should be!
What did you just say?
Honnouji Academy will hold a Reprisal General Election!
This shall be Honnouji Academy's first naturals election!
Fight one another! Emerge victorious!
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
She has ruled absolutely here, so by sequestering herself,
I'm not letting go!
Hold it!
But when he died, I realized for the first time that I didn't know anything about my father.
And what this scissor really is.
Then let's hitchhike!
I reeled in Gamagoori!
Calm down.
Get in.
On a drive, on a drive! On a drive to Hell!
Do you honestly think anyone can make her stop?
Doesn't he know the rules of the road?!
Whoa!
Cry and shout all you want, but you'll get no mercy from us!
It's not just hard.
Well, well, if it isn't the Student Council President.
And sacrificing himself for the good of his family is the mark of a true human being, right?
Wait!
You can play at being righteous all you want,
As of this moment, I rule over every student in this junior high school.
Crooks like you who can't see beyond their own self-interest
will no longer be tolerated.
These petty thugs are merely leeching off their parents' power.
I am different!
I turn twenty this year.
There are five towers in the schoolyard!
Fine by me!
I believe it would be a fitting way to cap off the climax of the Naturals Election.
I accept!
Her first opponent is Gamagoori Ira!
feast your eyes on his fearsome, two-stage transformation!
Do so, and I shall tell you the truth behind your father's death.
Fine by me! I'll take you all on!
We said one-on-one, didn't we?
We each want to defeat your Godrobe with our own power.
That is what discipline is about!
blur1korondatte
blur1original na ashita ni naru
blur1With my own hands
Yes, that's right.
They're on an entirely different level from the club presidents you've faced.
If you don't know, spare me the lecture.
Seriously, they're great.
Were you thinking about something?
Let's do it!
Three-Star Ultima Uniform: Shackle Regalia!
Come again?
Do you think that I wouldn't anticipate something so obvious?
I use my own techniques to punish myself!
So she can't possibly lose!
She's more of a pushover than I was expecting.
Courtesy of my relatives, who run an ironworks.
If you know that, then why do you oppose me?
Gamagoori. I have seen the full measure of your resolve.
I told you: I am Lady Satsuki's ultimate shield!
I will crush you here and now!
An attack driven by a mere personal vendetta
What?!
Oh, gosh!
So not only are you a fool, but you're also a bad loser.
Has she finally lost all capacity for rational thought?
As if! If I lose to the likes of you,
This mold is of the ideal, proper high school girl.
Ah, she used the power released when disengaging her transformation to break free of the shackles.
But she doesn't have a hope of winning like that.
Having trouble breathing?
But without your Sword Scissor, you have no way to fight back!
Life Fiber Synchronize!
She turned her Godrobe into a blade?
It's too early to kneel in defeat.
Get real!
Meticulously observe where one's feelings are headed!
But one genius is about to single-handedly alter the destiny of that company.
How'd they manage to pinpoint my location so quickly?!
I'm sorry! What I did was wrong!
No mercy? Dude, seriously?
What?
blur1I hold my destiny in my own hands
blur1I don't have the time to sit around crying
I won't allow your kindness toward me to be in vain!
Oh, I get it!
Even with your encouragement,
But it did budge! You lost, remember?
You hear me, Inumuta?!
I'm not interested in hearing a beaten dog yap away.
You have doubts about Lady Satsuki?
Let's get this started!
by being reckless!
but given that yours is 100 Life Fiber, its effect is that much greater.
When Inumuta Houka's Ultima Uniform shines,
There's nowhere to run!
What are you up to?
Say what?
Still, Lady Satsuki is allowing it.
What are you saying?!
You're just assuming I'm gonna lose?! Nobody mocks me!
Yes, yes!
Thank you for your kind advice,
It's so loud I can barely think.
Her attack sure packs a punch.
Symphony Regalia Presto!
The other three Devas could never do this!
I'll make a castle for you too!
You don't need any dumb sand!
Hey! I thought you were disqualified if you left the battle area!
Every part of Senketsu's body is a bundle of Life Fibers!
You think you can cut him that easily?
Certainly, cutting Life Fibers is difficult.
I can withstand an explosion or two!
You're the last person I expected a call from.
Is this about the girl in the Godrobe?
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
blur1chikai ga hikari ni natte
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
blur1naiteru hima nante nai kara
blur1kanaeru
little lady Jakuzure?
You're a sour note, all right!
Symphony Regalia Musical Barrage!
Wait! If I can't fly anymore, isn't the usual clichtrope for you to come down here and challenge me?
Finishing Move: Thread Stripper!
Jakuzure never knows when to end a performance.
I'm just getting warmed up!
Everybody around here just keeps running their mouths!
Shut out all the extraneous noise, Senketsu.
My music isn't ringing out?
Time to... send it back!
What's that? I can't hear a single note you're playing!over the sound of how awesome i am, obv
Give it a rest already!
Let's do it!
How adorable!
Very good. See to it.
That's the first rule of being a spy.
You're as big a pain in the ass as ever.
Is Matoi that strong?
In mere hours, she's absorbed two Three-Star Ultima Uniforms.
She did it, she did it, she did it!i wonder if this is how they translate ned flanders in japanese
You wouldn't be Matoi Ryuuko if you did.
This time, I will take you down!
Round 4, begin!
But it's no match for my own!
Let's go!
But her identity is unknown.
Your icy stare and icy skin are simply too much!
Impossible. I cannot analyze anything without data.
But it turned red just now!
The stitching is a bit weak, don't you think?
She severed its Nexus Thread?
the Nexus Thread is the very last one to go.
Grand Couturier? From Revocs?
You mean Mistress Ragyou?
Are you holding back because I'm dressed like this?
Wait... It was you?
Tell me!
blur1umarete kita imi ga
blur1kanaeru
But taboos sure feel nice, don't they?feel nice to touch
It's freezing!
That Godrobe's something else!
That's right.
It's not about how pretty it is, but how you use it, huh?
Oh, so scary!
Way to go, Dr. Matoi.
These scissors are really powerful.
but still managed to conceal my existence.
I'm impressed, Dr. Matoi.
If I'd known a girl as cute as you was on her way,
If this keeps up, I won't be able to control myself!
Things are getting fun!
People die when they're killed by blood loss!
Say no to blood theft!
I can't possibly die.
Oh, Mako.
It can't be.
Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko! Ryuuko!
Stop!
But you're just a monster right now!
You're kicking, screaming, and destroying our school!screaming, going wild
I will bring you back!yesss
Ryuuko! Ryuuko!
L-Lady Satsuki!
Why are you here?
Lucky!plsfixseems fine
Okay, okay.
I see you're on your feet again.
If you must resent someone, resent me.
Correct.
Depressed? You're still budding.
Chasing after your ideals? You're still budding.
Culture club squads one through eighteen, preparations complete.
Assigning to Kyoto Battlefield Trip Brigade.didn't these guys lose their status or somethingsatsuki revealed it was just a ploy to perfect the ultima uniforms last ep
Yes, milady. Development and manufacture of the Anti-Osaka,
We are also producing new Three-Star Ultima Uniforms for you Four Devas right now.
They will not disappoint.
Through trials, you will mature even further.
Is the helicopter ready?
Kyoto is here. Kobe is here. Osaka is here.
See?
It's so wonderful to be alive! Dance, Matarou!
But the school paper ran afoul of the Disciplinary Bureau censor,
and I was unable to distribute it to the students!
Nagita says he's gotten on the Student Council's bad side
and struck fear into even Kiryuuin Satsuki!
You'll have to fight by yourself.
Go on, beat it! Just give up and get out!
Because we alone know man's sin and create clothing for clothing's sake!
Hououmaru.
Do as you wish.
Matoi stayed home again, did she?
Schoolmates! Let us take back this academy together!
Oh no! It's the Disciplinary Bureau!
Never! I refuse to live in fear any longer!
Gamagoori!
I am commuting your sentence to hard labor in the School Raid Commissariat Unit!
No. I just get that feeling.
What are you doing?! Stop it!
So you've finally gotten dressed, Ryuuko.
Indeed! Those men were all my puppets!
Why devise this elaborate plot just to get me to put on Senketsu?
How disgraceful.
Understood.
Three years of study here at Honnouji Academy!
We're going, Soroi.
Field trips are the source of many youthful memories,
blur1kyou wo nugisutete
blur1surimuita itami mo
blur1hamidashite shimatta atsui omoi ga
It was Harime Nui. Nagita was Nui.
Hey, give me a break. I didn't say anything.
Only because you held on to me so tightly.
H-Huh?
Today, I return to my unadorned self!
blur1hadashi de hashitte iku
blur1tsukiageta kono te ni nigirishimeta
blur1And it shines ever so brightly
blur1With my own hands
What the hell?
Taste our Full Metal Disciplinary Guidebook Regulation Hurricane!
It's so obvious that these monsters are all illusions!
What are you doing here?
Don't be startled.
This is merely a hologram projected by the Film Club.
This is a non-Euclidean space creation ritual calculated by the Math Club.
but I guess when it comes to obnoxious jerks, it takes one to beat one.
I thought we'd cut off your information gateways.
Now, listen close. I'm gonna tell ya the rules of this town.
It's money that makes this town go 'round!
Time to make you wake up to reality by smackin' you in the face with wads of cash!
If you go on mocking northern Kanto, I'll grind you up with our konjac root harvest!
Ultra long range squads! Salvo attack!
Not bad, kiddo!
You! Matoi!
I don't have time to mess around with you.
The students aren't my only pawns!
You "heart" it, eh?
The contractors will love all the extra work thrown their way!
Kill that man, and I'll give you a million Takarada Bucks!
What do you think the Battlefield Trip is about, anyway?
Purge her!
Yeah, but I'll get him back.
You're going to all this trouble 'cause he's the only uniform you have.
It's because what you desire is almost in reach!
I've arrived, too. About to enter HQ.
but lemme give you the bottom line.
Bye, now!
You think that little stunt was enough to beat me?
If you're weak, rely shamelessly on something stronger!
Club members! Guard Lady Satsuki!
Archery! Javelin!
Gourd Missile Shower!
There's plenty more where that came from!
Subjugating Osaka is his mission.
After all, the venom of the snake's flickering tongue is powerful stuff.
I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm so dead!
Do you value your life?
If so, your trip was for nothing.
I see your defense is no less impressive.
It would appear that you cannot synchronize without this glove.i thought it was a tekko!
You transformed knowing that, huh?
It's him! The ripped mohawk dude!
I see you've shown yourselves, you naked fools.
but without that glove, the bio-energy cannot flow.now they translate seki tekkou. lol, seriously
What?!
You heard him. This blade can cut your Junketsu, can it not?
All students, stand down!
We are returning to Honnouji Academy!
Kiryuuin, maybe it's true that you've mastered that Junketsu of yours.
Lady Satsuki, as per your orders, I have destroyed the Nudist Beach base.
This battle cost us most of Nudist Beach's forces.
boxingThe Boxing Club, the Tennis Club, the traps devised by the Disciplinary Committee,
tsuiniThe time had come to take on the Four Devas.
tenkaiBreakneck pacing is a hallmark of KILL la KILL.
koko karaThe actual story continues now!
Screw you, Ms. Bigmouth Eyebrows!
Right away!
As my nephew, it is about time you realized
Where are you going?
Mr. Mikisugi all along?!
That's right.
Mako, you go home for now.
Mankanshoku,
I don't have the resolve to go nude yet.
Okay!
Woo!
What?
Entrust your heart to me.
I can't say I'm too happy about that.
And why do you think that is?
Nobody in this world can stop it from happening.defyoppose that
So that's how it is.
but this way, they keep their hosts alive.
karerato be their hosts and artificially sped up their evolution.
Ultimately, we humans are just food for the Life Fibers.
Honnouji Academy students are pretty much the only ones who wear such strange outfits!
I'm the only one?
Dr. Matoi probably knew that.
Until you got to the point where you could freely call upon Senketsu's powers,
Yeah, you even planned on eliminating me
is a bit hard to believe.
so I'll stay the night.
Honnouji Academy is your creation.
This is bad!
Don't hesitate, Ryuuko.
For that reason, we will welcome Honnouji Academy Director Kiryuuin Ragyou,
Mikisugi was right to keep us in the dark up until now.
Senketsu's Life Fibers have been spliced with your central nervous system's DNA.wat
Indeed. I have been making it for you since you were five.
Ah, yes.
"This will be your wedding dress."
From the very first cup, you smiled, saying that it was delicious.
and wholeheartedly toast the honor and glory of Lady Satsuki and Lady Ragyou!
I'd like to ask you two things.let me ask you for two useful pieces of information
And secondly:
will this ceremony be catered?
Good grief, she's blinding! She's gaudier than Satsuki!
What's this?
and then repurposed them for military use to conquer all of the country's academies.
as human sacrifices to the Life Fibers.
Ryuuko?
Oh, brother. I guess you leave me no choice.
The Hyper Inner manufacturing facility in Mozambique was attacked.
Yes, ma'am.
are awash with rumors that wearing REVOCS special innerwear boosts physical capabilities.
There are some who are best tricked into taking them for themselves.
Tomorrow, we step onto a new stage.
Lady Satsuki is most impressive.
Enough to satisfy even my sense of style.
Yes, sir!
How are things coming along, Iori?
This will fill in the final piece of the puzzle.
And so, let us toast the success of the Great Culture and Sports Festival!
Eat and drink your fill!
The Honnouji Academy Great Culture and Sports Festival begins now!
Damn, I wish I'd thought of that!
As grand an entrance as one would expect from our director.
What the heck is the Director talking about?
He hates that name.
Have fun storming the stadium!
Turn everyone back to normal!
People do not live for the sake of clothing!
When the spinning wheel of destiny spins, weaving the fabric of karma,
Control is liberty!
That is the reality of this world!
You'd best not look down on us.
And who might you be?
One of Honnouji Academy's Four Devas:
Say what?
Call me a coward or a crook all you want. I'd love that.
This is the truth behind Life Fibers.
Yes, I do!
really gets on my nerves.
Yep!
And pork kebabs, too!we had kushikatsu last time, but i think it works better this way anyway
I did nothing of the sort.
they tried fusing their newborn second child with Life Fibers.
You are members of Honnouji Academy's Sewing Club, yes?
I've been expecting you.
Out of my way!
belong to me now.all your soldier are belong to us
That bitch!
Consider anyone that comes after us to be an enemy!
I don't care who takes Ragyou out!
Maybe you thought she'd be of use to you,
Looks like this is what she's truly capable of.this is her latentdormant powers
Got you!
Mon Mignon Prt--Porter!
It was all my and Lady Ragyou's doing.
I know you want this Sword Scissor returned to you,
Life Fiber Synchronize:
Such a boring aim for someone so young.
Great causes are always fuelled by personal desire!
Not even your Bakuzan could cut it off entirely, eh?
Lady Satsuki!
You're not truly wearing Junketsu.
Ultimately, Satsuki was never fit to wear Life Fibers.
Mako!
My dad is Matoi Isshin!
You're that chick from the Four Devas!
So you kids have survived on your own this past month, huh?
Damn, they caught up, huh?
Tear 'em a new one from the inside!
Good work. Looks like you guys had it rough, too.
Is that Mankanshoku's little brother?
He and his friends had been living in the sewers under Honnou Town.
I said the name's Mankanshoku Matarou, Deva chick!
The Northern Kanto Gang Leader Alliance has also fallen.
Sanageyama also lost his Ultima Uniform, which was the last we had left.
Even at Honnouji Academy, the only people who were aware of Lady Satsuki's true intentions
despite COVERS attacking academies all over Japan?
You're right.
and that you're worried sick about her.
How do I put this? It's downright inhuman.
If humans wear clothing for the first twenty years of their lives,
their resistance to clothing completely disappears.
You should graciously accept any kind words I have to offer.
They're way better than COVERS!
Yes. She was dying to wear this outfit as soon as she could.
They're finally here.
We'll hold out as best as we can.
Yes. I gave your little brother my word.
In any case, put this on.
I'm never putting you on again.
From now on, please tune in to the web previews!
Don't try to stop me.
Barging in in a fit of rage would put you in too much danger.
You played dumb, despite knowing everything.
What terrifying fury.
Ryuuko?
it was she who was shedding bitter tears this time.
Can you hear Senketsu's voice?
Chains? Stark naked?!
That's right! We're all set to go.
Opening the Doutonbori Gate!
It'd help you to have a doctor on board.
Honnou Town is our hometown, after all,
Plus, this seems like fun.
Uh, I'm not sure I follow.
The ship has sailed.
What a flashy ride.
whereas I grew within an artificial womb made of Life Fibers.
Right this way, Lady Satsuki.
Die.this is like, "die, mohawk guy riding a mech that exposes blahblah as usual"
Wow.
you and I are the only ones who can stop her right now.
The pleasure of being enveloped by Junketsu?
She's right. Not even I know how it feels.
Regardless of how deeply Souchirou sealed them away,
Have all employees gather at REVOCS headquarters.
I will crush all lapdogs to the Life Fibers without mercy, no matter who they are.technically hounds
Both I, Kiryuuin Satsuki, and Honnouji Academy share that tenacity and desire to win.i would've liked to put "I, Kiryuuin Satsuki, share that tenacity and desire to win with the whole of Honnouji Academy" but i guess the point is that one blade is her and one blade is the rest of the academy so we
That is what these two blades symbolize!
Quit ripping me off, bitch!
Guess you're not completely inept.
Whenever you activated Life Fiber Synchronize mode,
Senketsu Gale!
Still too slow!
But you know what? You've got nothing at your feet.
Shut the hell up.
You're just a human. Spare me.or whatever, but needs to be this short
Well, he can lure you into firing range.
I'm going to pull you out from Junketsu!
Precisely!
All right! Just as planned!just like a strategy
What?!
That's awful! What kind of punishment is that?
stimulated mankind's evolution by providing it with clothing
What's happening?
Eat this!
Ryuuko is always herself!
I wonder about that.
You're the reason I believe there's still a chance to turn this around.
I am?
then why don't you let her have that Sword Scissor?
The look on your face has convinced me.
Kill that girl along with Senketsu!
Knock it off, Ryuuko!
Understood!
Here I come, Ryuuko!
I'm going to force you to change!
Fine. Kill me!
Oh dear.
No way!
Ryuuko!
Stop it, Matoi!
Throwing your Sword Scissor at me was a mistake.
Oh? Did she just overwhelm Harime with her spirit?
but you're wearing that lame outfit again?
Give it up.
Forgive me!
who barges into your damn mind before you even know it,join these lines if 66 is too long
and an outfit that laughs, cries,
Aw, jeez. This is why I hate humans.
attack you instead!
Senketsu Gale!
What?
Oh, Hououmaru.
Exactly.
and so on and so forth!
Calm down, Grand Couturier.
So long as the Shinra-Kouketsu is completed,
But "Lady Kiryuuin Satsuki" is no ordinary human, is she?
You're utterly incomprehensible!
I thought I could lead you into helping the cause against her without ever telling you the truth.
Please wash down your meal with some tea.
Oh? Ryuuko did?
Yes. Have Nui hurry up with her work.
I'm all the help I need.
I'd heard that she was trying to turn humanity into Life Fibers,
but I had no idea her plan was so massive in scale.
After that, they turn them into Fibers and cover up the planet,
You mean we need to destroy that transmitter in order to put a stop to her plans?
Grab on.
Satsuki, the ship!
so I'm going to give it everything I have!
but the powerful kind begin regenerating immediately after they're cut.
Let me show you what one can do when they surrender themselves to clothing.if you... then you can also do this
All right!
you can't stop us!
That's too many bandages, dear. Mako can't move now.
I have to keep this ship safe!
But it's our job to take it from here.
The Honnouji Four Devas'
Dog!
No matter how much theyyou? resist, humans are meant to submit to Life Fibers.
The Life Fibers induced the evolution of this planet's intelligent life.
On your way to Hell together, that is.
Know that I, Gamagoori Ira, am Lady Satsuki's living shield!
just look at how much li'l Nonon has grown!lol her shift in tone and expression is amazing
Thanks, Inumuta.
Damn it.
Mako!overlap 2
It sure is!
Listen up, Honnouji Academy scum!
The main event features the amazing Grand Couturier and the most amazing supermodel
I can't replace the Grand Couturier's delicate fingers,
I didn't just recreate them.
Give it your all, but not your life.
I'll keep that in mind.
so quit trying to fight back.
There's nothing to be afraid of, Senketsu.
Life Fiber Subjugate:
Charge!
It's a super high-speed jammer!
Sanageyama!
What's wrong, Senketsu?
Don't forget about us!
The original Life Fiber will consume you all and return in its full glory.
Gamagoori!
Humans are meant to be slaves to clothing.
G-Gamagoori!ohshi
You're one ugly primate!want to avoid using monkey
You may have rendered Godrobes powerless,
Lookie here.nui
Blade Gale!
No need to thank me.
Oh, shut up, you mass-produced rip-offs!
Gamagoori! You're alive!
I had a metalworker relative of mine fashion this custom-made titanium protector just in case.
It hurt a little, but it's barely a flesh wound!
Nui, my girl.
No, Lady Ragyou.you are the greatest dressthis is our dress
Hold it!
and cover this entire planet!
Let's go on a date once you're back.
We're counting on you.
My signal made it to every Life Fiber across the planet.
Those Sword Scissors are essentially hardened Life Fibers too.
Yeah, I'm fine!
How can you be so dull?!
Hmm. I must have unwittingly held back.
End what, exactly?
The closer I come to death, the more powerful I become!
I thought of it as my mother's tough love, and I took it on the chin.
It's the unlimited absorption ability that the two of us possess!
I was born capable of evolution.
This is not the end, Ryuuko.
Let's go back, Ryuuko.
Looks like Omnisilk Kouketsu was more powerful than I thought.
Boss!
The same thing that happened to COVERS, I guess.
Let's do it! Come on! Come on!
What'd you say?! Boom!
Homie's nothin' to me! For stress, it's a long sigh
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
Let's play! Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
Quiet, Naamin
itsumo all right dakedo so tight
Yasuna's house.
Espers are super cool!
It would come in handy for your work too!
Bend!
This!
Yes! A real cursed voodoo doll!
Go!
Huh?
Calamity kick!
So let's give that a break and do fortune-telling.
Fortune-telling?
Let's do palm reading.
You have, right?
Since it's raining, let's think of things to do!
What are you doing?
Yay! I used my head and separated it!
I know!
All right, I'll make one too.
It's probably something stupid.
You just need to pretend real hard that a real sun is shining down hard around here.
Sonya-chan... water!
There's a bunch outside.
Sonya-chan, c'mon!
Another morning.
Where are you, Yasuna, Sonya?
Today is your last...
Get set... Go!
You can't use submissions in sumo...
Do you even know what sumo is?
I've found you this time.
Here, it's your turn to wear it, Sonya-chan.
Bewitching contest by a rod and a cup,
Now, what will you do, Oribe Yasuna?
Wait, this kind doesn't have instant prizes.
It'd be a waste!
If I win, I get a free one!
There was nothing written on it.
Why do you crush my dreams?!
Now it's no fun...
I won...
Idiot.
I've never tried that flavor. Give me a bite.
Sure...
What have I done?!
So cruel...
I am, but there's no point whining about it.
Don't play along with her!
Like wind chimes!
Refreshing! Refreshing!
And it's good for the environment, so two birds with one stone!
There's no need to go out of the way to try make it cooler.
In fact, it's our duty to do that!
Let's go!
Hey. Why are you facing this way?
Back a little.
Next, Sonya-chan!
It's gotten dark.
One day.
No, that wasn't
Wait for me!
Caught you, scum!
It would seem there's no point hiding anymore!
Oh yeah!
There's all sorts of good effects if you do it properly!
I'm begging you. Please come.
Ah, I'm going to the bathroom.
"If you don't want me to shoot, do a weird dance."
I'm the fake Yasuna!
You think an assassin would show their true identity?
I just need to accomplish my mission!
Take this! Killer fist!
It looks like those two don't need my help.
Can I leave?
Don't just play along with them!
I'm going to kill the real one later...
Kill Me Baby!
itsumo on-site dakedo slow ride
Quiet, Naamin
urusai don!
kougina best friend nagashime de dotsukuna!
But you said go catching myself...
Now then, let's go catch some bugs!
What are you doing?!
Oh.
Oh, it's you, Agiri-san.
Hey, that's weird too.
It's me! Agiri!
Take a closer look.
The truth is, I've been practicing my ninjutsu on that tree since this morning.
No, that's...
Ta-da!
No! But I thought we'd buy some food and show it off!
I couldn't help one?rescoop? rofl
Run!
I saved the goldfish from the hands of a demon.
If you want to trade, I don't mind!
It's already dark out.
Let's catch fish with it!
So here... huh?
A-Alright.
That doesn't matter, does it?
Are you mad that you lost?
I have 20 of 'em!
No, no way!
What is this?
It's getting popular lately!
Stop! Don't fight with yourself!
Don't do that on my desk!
Don't want it.
Don't care.
Let's practice together.
That's not cute!
The birth of a puppet assassin?!
You're still going?
Huh?
yarunara camo camo
Kill Me Baby!
Quiet, Naamin
What now, Naamin?
Kill Me Baby!
Still going! Come on! Come on!
But it's all better now!
I even brought the flavorings...
That's pretty difficult.
Down it all in one bite!
Yay! Snow!
No, this is really awesome!
Finally, the real thing!
We can go next yea
No.
Forget about my work, I just don't want you to come.
That's far too much trouble.
I can't get it off!
That voice!
A hanging scroll!
A secret tunnel, of course.
Don't you have any tricksy gadgets?
When you move this ornament...
A disappointing unexpectedness.
You have a TV!
Or so I thought, but this gas doesn't look good!
Public transportation schedules are expected to be disrupted, so please take note.
Wind.
Wits?
I wonder who's half-asleep!
Ow...
Wow. It looks like it's gonna rain.
You should buy some more.
Cash?
I'll hold it.
Oh, it's got a switch!
I didn't do it on purpose!
I'm takin' it!
Kill Me Baby!
What's up? Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
yarunara camo camo
koborusuki mizoochi
damatte naamin
Still going! Come on! Come on!
don!
Do you even know how to use a stopwatch?
Are you holding it?
Well, I am a ninja.
Her favorite animal is the hippo.
After she does, she'll stop.
Sonya-chan!
The other class will be doing a cafe!
But it'll still hurt when it hits you.
Ahh, this is safer.
Hell no.
Yay! Sixth place!
What's bothering you?
Occupational disease.
I know what you're up to.
What'll we do? We have no one to stand on top.
Oh, you've come!
I've found our fourth.
No to that too.
I found the ones my grandma gave to me.
I remembered how!
Nice.
Blood came out!
Your way of life.
"Well," what?
I'm sorry. I just...
...with all my strength!
This is more effective, and it's safe!
Annoying...
"Quickly kill those annoying little pesks"...
Isn't that just a superstition though?
Now's your chance! Pur all your strength into your head and keep it there!
nandato don!
Homie's nothin' to me! For stress, it's a long sigh
Pirozhki rather! Then? Ouch, friends!
Kowalski to the pit of your stomach!
Holy shit!
Kill Me Baby!
doushitemo camo camo
itsumo all right dakedo so tight
And on that note!
You're the only person who'd do this.
What if it were someone else inside this?
Like I'd know.
Well, since I can't do anything about it, let's just go to school!
It's not coming off.
It didn't go very well.
Maybe after wearing it for a while, it adjusted to the size of your head?
A music magazine?
Nope! Dunno whose it is!
Waaaaait!
Have you taken an interest in music?
What are you trying to do?
We don't even have a band to break apart.
Even if you can't play such a simple instrument, this is pushing it!
Anyway, music is great!
Despite her looks, she's quite a violent baby...
So mean...
Gross!
You'll look like an idiot.
Once I hit it in the 100 point zone, we're done.
There. I hit it right in the center.
I have this toy suction cup gun!
Now, look this way.
I'm sorry!
I'll... I'll...
whatever title was used last ep
Kill Me Baby!
nandato don!
Homie's nothin' to me! For stress, it's a long sigh
You're trying too hard, it's a close call
Let's play! Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
Kill Me Baby!
Shut up! Bang!
What now, Naamin?
Boom!
Fine, just calm down.
Oh? What's that?
I-It's this.
It shoots beams, right?
On that note, I have to look for it, so don't bother me anymore.
Then how about we both look for each others' as well?
I think it was really tasty?
Well, pick up anything you think I might have dropped.
Hey!
What was in this again?
You just picked up the first thing you came across didn't you?
I'm glad you came for it.
I can hear you.
What about mine?
This is it!
This is a great chance!
Just kidding!
Sonya-chan, you're an unbeliever!
Then I guess it won't appear if I'm around, so go by yourself.
It's a promise!
Why aren't you here?
Want me to help?
Shut up!
Lick.
That shocked me...
It's the Tsuchinoko!
I am The Tsuchinoko.
He said he's an assassin!
Use your eyes!
I'm good at pulling things up.
Come on.
But this is normal for fishing.
At this rate, I'll lose!
Why did she just jump off like that?
What's this?
Wait, you just noticed?
No, no! It's amazing luck!
How about chess?
You're supposed to aim at yourself in Russian Roulette...
Is it spicy?
But there's three.
Because...
H-Huh?
Yeah.
He just had very bad luck.
The price is 1,280 yen with tax.
You're hopeless.
That's just because you're stupid.
Thanks, Sonya-chan!
Kill Me Baby!
Quiet, Naamin
Kill Me Baby!
mada mada camo camo
What's with that?
Hey Sonya-chan, grab one for me!
It wasn't on purpose...
Look Sonya-chan, it's snow!
What am I, a kid?
But this is my masterpiece!
Whatever. I'm going home.
Knives are unfair in a snowball fight!
is being brought forth.
It's got to be in one of the snowmen!
Alpaca!
What an idiot.
What?
Let's try it out to see!
I'll be fine by tomorrow!
I'm looking forward to seeing your turn being sick tomorrow!
What was that?!
It's snow! Snow!
Lunch break. Lunch break.
I want a remote controlled toy.
Like hell!
I'll play by myself.
Raw Yasuna Beam!
I'll show you how I can control this ball!
You could have just said so if you wanted to play too!
Come on, I haven't used the silver or gold yet!
Here, I'm sure you can make a paper airplane.
Wow, it's still flying?
It's flying! Flying!
Another day. Another day.
Another assassin?
A Christmas party?
It's not like we do this every day!
Is Agiri coming too?
We never did Halloween, so I figured I'd mix it in too.
What do we do?
Who was that?
Since when have you been there?
I even prepared this...
I'm gonna have the loser do something super embarrassing!
Drill tank!
What? Why?
So you can trick whoever's after you, of course!
Someone snuck in through the chimney!
I'm done!
It looks just like me!
Wait! Sonya-chan!
Pirozhki rather! Then? Ouch, friends!
an old man went up a mountain to cut bamboo.
Winter.
That was my new year's first dream!
I think I've seen that before.
Do you use it for techniques or training or something?
we've come to have Sonya-chan try out Mochitsuki!
I'm fine not doing this, you know.
Body substitution technique again?
Yay! This will be a lot easier to use!
Allow me to show you how it's done!
The mochi!
How about this?
Thanks!
So annoying. What is it?
Don't underestimate a dog's tracking skills!
Millet dumplings!
What do you think?
Chestnuts!
That wasn't happy at all!
I have some items!
Begone, evil spirits!
I got 5!
Whoops, it turned. Go back 2.
What do you think this is?
After school.
A crow!
It must have thought it was food.
Hold this while I go buy something warm to drink.
Two please.
He's just the attendant.
...getting beat up in the ring.
Hey! You shoulda dodged that punch!
You need to earn all the money needed to repair the roof of my gym!
You too.
Nice!
This is...
What's up? Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
Absolutely Naamin
Kill Me Baby!
koborusuki mizoochi
asobou yo wasa wasa
Kill Me Baby!
nanda yo naamin
don!
Boom!
Don't waste those!
Now it isn't being wasted.
Huh?
If I plaster up places that I might get hurt...
Shouldn't you be the one wearing this, anyway?
Isn't it obvious I meant on my body?!
That was just a little sudden, so it surprised me a bit.
It doesn't make a difference if I just have them on!
Hi Sonya-chan! Smile!
Though the river's current never fails, the water passing, moment by moment, is never the same.
Wait, I think I had one in my pocket...
You'll catch a cold if you sleep here.
Shut up!
February the fourthee... fourtine... fourteen?
I love you...
...you know what'll happen.
Hey, hey.
None of your business.
You'll catch his heart?
We're friends!
If you didn't lose it so easily, it'd be a lot better.
It can't hurt to have composure as an assassin.
It's not good if you get upset easily.
You can ask me to shake, or to let out my paw.
If you don't listen, I'll hit you.
Hey! Where are you going?
I'm worried about your future.
Why don't you quit being an assassin and be a chiropractor instead?
That was random.
I couldn't think of anything else.
I want to be rich.
I have a crick in my neck...
Absolutely Naamin
nandato don!
itsumo on-site dakedo slow ride
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
Kill Me Baby!
Kill Me Baby!
urusai don!
itsumo all right dakedo so tight
Kill Me Baby!
mada mada camo camo
Wow, you're actually playing along!
Why not? Why not?
Shut up! Unlock these!
Hey, what are you doing?
Give it up.
Once again!
You damn...
Stop running!
Stop spinning!
How?
Oh, so you just forgot?
Happy birthday!
Sure about that?
And on that note, happy birthday!
I'll light them, then you can blow them out.
Happy birthday! Yay!
You breathe it in and it makes your voice higher.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper!
You can collect lots of money with it!
I didn't get anything for you.
Yay!
Just a minute! Just wait for a minute!
What's with you?
Now she can't leave.
If that's the case, I'll just stalk her to work and stop her there.
That is the right thing to do, but...
Fix our Azuchi Castle! Then apologize to the emperor!
I'm sorry!
Idiot.
Sonya-chan!
Nothing.
itsumo on-site dakedo slow ride
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
piroshiki motoi dewa auchi nakayoshi
Pirozhki rather! Then? Ouch, friends!
Let's play! Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
damatte naamin
urusai don!
kougina best friend nagashime de dotsukuna!
I think I'm in high school!
Absolutely Naamin
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
Kill Me Baby!
Kill Me Baby!
What are you talking about?
It's just that I don't know if I can keep one in a headlock...
Could you teach me some of your moves?
Well, you're my friend and an assassin,
Now I can drink it.
Huh? I can't open it...
so it's okay.
I request that you "kill" this bottle for me as part of your work.
You missed again!
My yakisoba sandwich!
Why do I have to buy a yakisoba sandwich twice in one day?
Don't worry! You can do it!
You're useless!
he might just leave on his own!
That's weird...
Why do you want me to come?
Wouldn't that become a problem if there's a fire and the smoke rises up?
She threw it as a diversion.
Nice...!
Now that I think about it, there was a ninja in my organization.
And then I heard about this school having a ninja club.
No, I didn't!
Amazing, right?
Nice... Nice...!
No, that's not what I...
Well... yes, I guess.
How about something with a gun?!
Huh? But you haven't taught me anything yet
Wow!
It's just another sham.
That one's the ant hell jutsu!
It was just a telescope.
Ninja?
Just goes to show that you can't trust her techniques.
Oh, I know!
Land a hit on the target. Two times four equals eight.
Surpassing the six virtues,
Learning Ability: Zero
What's up? Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
koboresuki kimi mizo ochi
A leak your stomach
itsumo oorai dakedo so die!
Still going! Come on! Come on!
don!
My legs!
Can you at least teach me how to get out of a headlock?
How to get out...?
If you don't, then I'll start biting!
I've seen in manga that you can escape by tickling them.
You're an idiot.
I think they came out good.
Sucks to be you!
Huh?!
Thanks!
Since it's after school, let's go to the crepe shop in the big park on our way home!
The crepe shop was nearby.
I'm gonna go buy a drink.
What should I get...?
"A bear has escaped from the local zoo."
You said yourself that was the wrong way to deal with them!
All right! Now it's gone!
Ninja technique: The Disappearing Bear.
See? The bear is gone.
Fire jutsu.
This seems a bit too difficult.
I'll use my ninjutsu and do something about it.
Please watch.
And mysteriously,
Don't you have anything more practical?
This is my most valued one.
The balloon's gonna shrink anyway, so who cares!
Tag.
But you're always chasing me.
Oh... you're still here?
I messed up my counting!
Onee-chan!
Kill number three.
nan demo naamin
Absolutely Naamin
Kill Me Baby!
damatte naamin
nanda yo naamin
Maybe you also have hidden esper powers!
Not a chance.
They said so on TV!
I'll demonstrate powers of clairvoyance!
Whatever, hurry up and pick one.
Not at all.
Isn't that a voodoo doll?
I put a strand of my hair in it.
Well, there's bound to be minor errors.
I'm not going to do it.
If something really does happen, I'll believe you.
So let's give that a break and do fortune-telling.
You read a book on pressure points, not palm reading, didn't you?!
Yeah.
Nothing else, really.
Mind power!
Please use your mind to separate them.
Yes. This is just a dry desert.
No thanks.
Another morning.
If you wear this, then the birds won't follow you around anymore.
she may be healed in a flash after holding onto Pyonsuke.
Whatever.
I've finally found you!
Oh. Is that right?
I won't give up though!
St-Stay back!
It's a ca... A ca...
Wait, this kind doesn't have instant prizes.
Damn it! Damn it!
Geez....
I'll win and give it back to you!
Is this some kind of punishment game?
Well...
First I eat one.
That's enough, you can just have the rest.
Woah, it really is!!
Raaaaaawr!
It's so hot...
We should be doing summer-like activities instead like watermelon breaking.
The sea is calling...
Even so, we didn't have to go out of our way to come here.
Back a little.
I broke it.
eyecatch
How about I take care of you before that happens then?
Wait for me!
I'll be killed!
Let's lure them over there!
Save me!
And today I brought shuriken with me!
Before exams.
I'm sorry! Please don't!
Does this really work?
I'm begging you. Please come.
How about we team up
Why do I have to take the hit?
Don't just play along with them!
Here's our chance!
I bet you knew I was the real one halfway through that, right?
Kill Me Baby!
Absolutely Naamin
yarunara camo camo
Homie's nothin' to me! For stress, it's a long sigh
urusai don!
Kill Me Baby!
Kill Me Baby!
mada mada camo camo
Morning.
C'mon, let's go!
STACKYes.Sweet.
Sonya-chan, aren't you glad?
No.
Don't worry! This is just insect repellent.
Oh, it's you, Agiri-san.
Huh? I think I've seen this bird before.
Take a closer look.
Another day.
Are you out?
You try it, then!
Run!
Alright! This time will be a double toss!
I'm hungry.
I'm going to go buy some takoyaki!
No.
I thought if I found any, you could catch them for me.
I swam enough today.
I know!
Agiri-san, use some ninja technique to get rid of this dog.
Thank you very much for finding my dog.
Oh, you don't need to.
Wow! So many Shijimi clams!
They live in rivers or lakes, as they are fresh water species.
Shut up and keep swimming!
I'd love to go around the world like this.
No it doesn't!
Hey, is that puppet...
It doesn't?
What about now?
Don't interrupt my training.
My finger! My finger's gonna break!
That's the substitution jutsu Agiri-san taught me!
Now, what should I do with this?
All the better to eat you with!
I win.
homie ni doujinai haraise de toiki da
Shut up! Bang!
Kill Me Baby!
S-Sorry! I was wrong!
Well aren't you high and mighty!
So, where's the ice?
Eh?
I even brought the flavorings...
I can do dry ice.
I want to see!
She's totally forgotten her original goal.
Here we go.
Here it comes.
Oh, that's simple.
It's not a ninja technique, but I do have ice on me.
Finally, the real thing!
So good!
Really?!
Gale winds are expected due to the typhoon tomorrow.
Public transportation schedules are expected to be disrupted, so please take note.
Ow...
The other day I had some rice crackers.
BG teidenA blackout!
I was just going to the bathroom...
I forgot my umbrella, so can I share with you?
I'll hold it.
Get away!
You idiot! It's gonna break!
The next day.
koborusuki mizoochi
urusai don!
kondo ha wasa wasa
nanda yo naamin
Like...
Why me?
How many seconds was that?
You're hopeless.
This is dumb.
Are you really holding it?
Her favorite animal is the hippo.
That's a bit frustrating...
Which area of the school has the best water?
No thanks.
Making an error in their order...
That's even more dangerous.
That's true, but...
Are you scared?
Sonya-chan, what place did you come in?
The cavalry battle starts in the afternoon.
Let's do our best, Sonya-chan, Agiri-san.
Our victory awaits!
Is something starting?
Don't decide that on your own.
You toss this flame scroll right into the enemies.
Now!
No, that's not a ninja technique...
So it really is a toy for hitting people in the end.
I can do the same thing with knives.
How is it a trick?
It's real.
So, juggling's no good.
What other street performances can I do?
What do you think I'd be good at?
But my nose isn't red!
If that pisses you off, then try to make me smile by using a knife!
You jumped on a completely different topic.
Let's start by having you somersault through a ring.
While we have it, try spinning this.
Here, try it.
Alright! They had plates!
Making fun of me... I know that's not it!
It bit me earlier.
Just leave it alone.
What? Hell no!
This is more effective, and it's safe!
Ah... I hit my face with it!
I'll die from disgust...
Your movement is too inefficient.
Damn it! Damn it!
I found this in the classroom, so use it instead.
Alright! Let's get bitten so that we can catch it!
Isn't that just a superstition though?
Kill Me Baby!
You're trying too hard, it's a close call
koborusuki mizoochi
Kill Me Baby!
Kill Me Baby!
What now, Naamin?
mada mada camo camo
Still going! Come on! Come on!
Kill Me Baby!
This is my anti-Sonya-chan armor!
Or am I now?
What's wrong?
It's tighter than I thought.
I see. So you put a can that you found thrown away on the street on your head,
Oh! Please use the most effective one!
and the can is totally gone!
Fine, then just guide me by hand.
Scientific way?
Ow! Ow ow ow!
No good.
Now I'll take my leave.
Stop! This is a bad idea!
Yay! Yay!
But why?
Let's learn to play together!
No thanks.
You're the one who can't play!
So mean...
Yeah, you suck.
Let me see it.
I'll give you this special flute, so please forgive me.
Hold this for a sec.
I don't have any, so I'll have to make them.
It went in with one throw!
It's done!
Isn't that great?! Your knives are actually useful!
That's cheating!
Ta-da!
Wh-What?
I might not get any points, but I can still beat you till it hurts.
But you had your big mouth open.
From the start.
homie ni doujinai haraise de toiki da
doushitemo camo camo
kondo ha wasa wasa
nanda yo naamin
don!
Help me look for it!
So what did you lose?
You're the one who made me forget!
Let me see! Let me see!
I can't find it right now.
You're an idiot too!
No! I'll seriously not be able to remember anything!
What are you talking about?
Well, pick up anything you think I might have dropped.
I'll look for yours as well!
Did you really think I was looking for something like this?
Thank you so much!
That person over there was about to run off with it!
What about mine?
What do you mean "huh"?!
Shut up.
There's a reward if you can catch it!
I thought you were all excited over it!
Just kidding!
What's that supposed to mean?
Sonya-chan, you're an unbeliever!
The Tsuchinoko will only appear before those who believe!
If it does exist, I'll dance with it for you.
That Sonya-chan, not honest at all.
Look! It's so pretty!
It can't really be the Tsuchinoko...
Geez. I hope that's enough for you.
I have to announce this to the academic world!
Use your eyes!
Oh, right.
Well well, isn't that just a turtle?
Maybe I'll get a bite if I use a weird pose?
Geez... Nothing good ever happens when I'm with her.
It's not my orders!
Watch out!
It's good? Then that's not bad, right?
What the heck?
"The Black Ninja's Close Call."
Ninjas these days are making a living off selling toys?
Congratulations!
Of lures, dirt, and forgotten branches.
What'd you say?! Boom!
asobou yo wasa wasa
Let's play! Qu pasa? Qu pasa?
doushitemo camo camo
urusai don!
Now that you mention it...
Dammit!
Then I'll just have to make do instead!
Stop!
Really?
Why me too?
Because...
There's lots of benefits!
And above all,
Class when I'm sick?
It got worse...
I'll be fine by tomorrow!
You can eat canned peaches now!
You were so noisy yours relapsed.
I can't eat anymore...
No, I don't.
Fine then.
I know, but you were pissing me off.
Okay! timing check
Fine with me.
Go!
Silver!
A love letter?
A razor letter?
A letter of challenge?
Dammit! This was another one of your pranks?!
I'm not.
Hmmm, I guess it'll have to do.
I'll give this bomb-rigged gift to the target.
Don't go imagining that!
Daddy!
Wait! Sonya-chan!
itsumo on-site dakedo slow ride
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
Shut up! Bang!
We're best friends, so don't punch me while staring like that!
Kill Me Baby!
That's totally off...
What on earth is this...
Winter.
Why are you only telling me now?
C'mon Sonya-chan, you don't have to be so cold just because it's winter
That gave me a fright...
I've also steamed the sticky rice.
You're such an amateur.
The mochi!
You mean when people choke on it?
Thanks!
I guess I'll have some too.
You want to be strangled?
I'll do anything, so take me with you! Please!
After a journey filled with trials and battles, Killtaro finally reached the island of demons.
Scandalous!
I'm going to suck your blood!
Farewell, everyone!
Right you are. not gonna bother.
Don't just watch! Help me!
Use a shorter length of string first, then run with that.
Okay then, show me!
If you run like this,
Do birds like squid?
Sorry.
We can't get it up there...
No thanks. You can reach the bottom anyway.
Of course not.
D-Don't tell me...
I'm a magical girl who came from the land of magic to train!
Do you understand what "first" dream means?
Ridiculous.
Carrot Max Forward Miracle!
nandato don!
Kill Me Baby!
Boom!
You'll pay for killing Pyonsuke 02!
In my dream!
It's nothing.
Here we go again.
Well it's too late now.
If you get treated before you get hurt...
You're shaking.
Wouldn't a poultice be more effective in this case?
So mean! You already got me back, but you hit me again!
So you really do have a protective vest, huh...
I'll do it properly this time, so can I try again?
You did it again!
This is my total defense!
A few hours later.
Sonya-chan is crying?!
Shut up.
Sonya-chan!
Wake up!!
I'll start with drawing eyes on her...
I love you...
I don't need it!
No givebacks!
Once you've accepted, you're not allowed to!
I dropped something.
Why the hell are you carrying a picture of yourself around?!
What on Earth are you talking about heroes for?
Dammit...
It's none of your business.
Yes! Splendid!
Really?
It's fin
Anything you want.
I want to be human again...
Killing 02 and now 03...
Hey! Where are you going?
Oh, I know!
That's not an occupation.
Is she having another stupid daydream?
I have a crick in my neck...
Did I mess up?
nan demo naamin
itsumo on-site dakedo slow ride
gachi sugite girigiri tomosureba
koborusuki mizoochi
Holy shit!
Kill Me Baby!
What now, Naamin?
That's got nothing to do with it.
Why not? Why not?
Geez...
I locked us together so you can't get away!
I can't do it easily with my left hand...
We'll deal with it out back!
You damn...
Wow! Just like I planned!
What's wrong with you?
If you don't want your birthday, give it to me!
Sure about that?
Stop! If you make a scene, they'll think I'm an idiot too!
A bomb?!
What?
Happy... happy...
That was mean, Sonya-chan.
Here's the real one.
That's not genuine at all!!
Hey Sonya-chan, since it's your birthday, why don't you try it on?
"Sushi! Tempura! Geisha! Mount Fuji!"
That kinda pisses me off.
Oh that's right, my birthday's tomorrow!
The next day.
How much did you think I'd save in a day?
People will lose faith in you if you act like that.
I'm late, so I'll see you later.
If you really want to go, you'll have to get through me...
Stop right there!
Fix our Azuchi Castle! Then apologize to the emperor!
You think?
or make pointless poses with you...
Absolutely Naamin
nandato don!
You're always on-site, but that's why it's a slow ride
Holy shit!
kondo ha wasa wasa
nanda yo naamin
Still going! Come on! Come on!
This happens every day. Can't you remember?
Learn your lesson already.
So you're scared of cockroaches?
These kinds of books are scary...
Easy to learn?
C'mon, don't say that!
Now I can drink it.
Making me use my skills on something that useless...
Guess I've got no choice.
Sorry.
You sure about that?
Why do I have to buy a yakisoba sandwich twice in one day?
He's small, but what if he bites us?
Fine. If you're going to go that far,
I've lost my self-confidence.Confidencefaith in myself.
Yasuna...
Sonya-chan!
She threw it as a diversion.
There's nothing here.
That's the famous "body substitution" jutsu.
I'm Goshiki Agiri.
Here, have this.
Wait, a shuriken?
Get out of here.
Ninja technique: "You're getting very sleeeepy" jutsu!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Explosives really give a "ninja" feel, don't you think?
Give it here!
Oh, there she is.
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Oh, so you want to be my apprentice?
Okay, so shall we try some shuriken practice?
How about something with a gun?!
If you really want,
Well? Have you remembered those techniques?
In exchange,
Why are you bringing out the extreme techniques now?!
Give it to me!
Ninjas are amazing!
Clairvoyance jutsu?Check names.
Take three steps forward and five steps back.
Heavy labor leads to great agony.
monomane sukiru ga mijuku na no
tanoshii jikan ga ii no kana
A secret
A secret
Policy!
Boom!
Absolutely Naamin
yarunara camo camo
What'd you say?! Boom!
Always on one side, but that's why it's so right
The pair ain't so good, for stress it's a long sigh
Kill Me Baby!
You're still on about that?
I'll stop if you teach me.
You roll across the ground and tackle your opponent.
My legs!
Teach me something real!
That's the wrong method for dealing with a bear!
How to get out...?
Well, you see, this forest is a shortcut to the park...
What should I get...?
Like some idiot somewhere just set up a flag.
It's coming towards me for some reason.
It seems that you're in quite the predicament.
Huuuh?
This seems a bit too difficult.
Sonya-chan!
H-Hey! Get out of here!
but it doesn't really hurt.
I can't hold my breath for that long.
Please watch.
And just like that, the bee is gone.
And mysteriously,
it found its way into your clothing.
Watch out!
I-I'm sorry.
But you're always chasing me.
Let's play hide-and-seek, then.
You dropped your toy.
I thought it was a tossing game.
Yay! Yay!
Why aren't you hiding?
Kill number three.
An encounter is like a highway junction...
I've fallen in love with you - that I realized...
Sayin' that you desire tenderness over a caress...
It is not the past or the future, much less the present.
Isn't this awesome, Oniichan? It's the "Ultra SFX 3D Special!"
Y... Yeah...
There was no way... I could tell Ayukawa that...
It's... It's not what you think!
Our agile camerawork!
I can't believe it!
"Or something?!"
There was no way... that I could tell the truth.
Ushiko!
You idiot! You don't know what you're talking about, Yuusaku!
Besides, Madoka would never lie!
You swear that you didn't see a UFO?!
If you don't tell the truth, then this is what you're gonna get!
But...
"If you think it'll happen, it will... If you don't, it won't...", as the saying goes!
A straw hat, eh...
Oh, c'mon, you can do better than that!
If you have to worry about what others think...
...then I...
The fact is that I saw it...
I'll be damned!
In this world, too many people don't give a damn about others...
Right, Madoka?
I'm sorry. I did see the UFO too.
What happened was that...
...and that's... kind of sad.
I... I...
Yeah!
...and makes you crazy about me.
Love is deja vu; an unfamiliar memory. I feel our lips pressing together.
Someday... Someday... Please let my body feel your lips...
I'm... so thoughtless!
"Fireworks Show!"
HOW... DO... I... LOOK?
Oh, no! Th... The time!
Er... Well, that's, er...
Hey! Komatsu!
W... No... A... Ayukawa!
What?! That much?!
Wrong! You see, it's important to start things correctly!
Okay? Promise?
To the pool!
Uh-huh.
And, so? How was it... What did Kurumi feel like?
Niiice...
What a pain in the neck...
Kasuga... you seem so tired.
Would you like me to put some suntan oil on you?
Eyeeew!
I'm sure that they... would love to see it.
I asked her to come along...
"Then, afterwards we can..."
"Huh? Afterwards... what?"
...you were hiding your deep sadness.
Aren't you going to see the fireworks?
What's wrong?
...let's light these up when I get back.
What am I doing exactly...?
What?!
I've finished, up to the page we agreed upon!
...and makes you crazy about me.
Love is deja vu; an unfamiliar memory. I feel our lips pressing together.
...on that morning I'll be called your lover.
An encounter is like a highway junction...
I've fallen in love with you - that I realized...
"Why, there's three of them! Let's go, Darling!"
"Oh, c'mon! Who cares?
A big wave?!
That's right!
"A beauty that sends a chill up my spine."
We wanna go to the beach too! Take us there!
R... Right.
But, what happened was...
Oh! Wh... Why, this guy's a big one!
That woman... Don't you think that she looks kind of sad?
If we may!
"On her arm, it's said there's a scar from when she threw herself into the sea."
Well... It seems that I left my T-Shirt at the beach.
Don't you dare touch her!
Isn't it awful? A broken bottle.
...I feel like I won't ever be able to get over him and get married.
But, with this foot... looks like riding the wave will be impossible.
...felt so comfortable, beyond what words can describe.
Yeah.
And so... all the ghost hoopla calmed down, but...
No way! It's crazy, not even Madoka could...
The legendary Big Monday...
...and before I knew it, I was back on the board again.
Your boyfriend... saved me, I bet.
...the way you avoided me, usin' that naive look, wasn't so innocent.
In short... the current was so strong that...
Now, folks, as Kasuga Takashi's 1 assistant...
Huh? Oh! S... Sorry!
The events of that one brief instant...
Uh-huh.
Man...
...if I'd known this was gonna happen... I'd have eaten a lot more!
No way! You're right!
Yeah! No way! Yahoo!
As if to avoid me, as I tried to kiss you...
"Tell me, Lover, Tell me that you love me."
What's wrong?!
If their boat isn't back at the rental shop yet...
Er... Oh... Ha ha ha...
Wh... What're you talking about?
What if you were killed too?!
This is the last one.
Darling!
I was afraid that this might happen!
You couldn't save a girl even if you wanted to!
Darling... you have no idea... just how I'm feeling.
Once you get into senior high, you'll be beautiful.
Tell Me, Tell Me, ...my Angel of the Summer...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Well, then, time's a wasting... I must get going!
H... Hey, Hatta! Why, you! Hold it!
Next!
Okay, next!
H... He's good!
Wh... What the...?
"Kasuga Kyosuke"
I didn't know that you were good at tennis.
Darling, you're cruel!
...but, it's not like we'll be playing tennis all day long, you know.
Yeah!
What am I supposed to do in a situation like this?
How about having a match with me tomorrow?
I'll be looking forward to tomorrow.
Sure!
There!
At the very least, I have to look like I know what I'm doing.
Oh...
Like this?
No... That's not it.
...I felt the electrifying sensation of... the fullness of her breasts, and...
I think... you're getting better.
Oh! Huh?
...so I... I...
I can't believe you... Darling!
Grab this!
Hikaru, does Kasuga know?
I'm... sorry...
As a man, if I don't do anything in that kind of a situation...
Should it be that way, or should I get a "summer experience?"
Next time: "Kyosuke in a Pinch. Sweet Nothings at the Wuthering Heights."
'Tell me, lover, Tell me that you need me...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Indeed, it IS boring.
On top of that, because our sempai ordered us to...
Having said that... I snuck out by myself, and there I was!
...my heart was beating faster... as if there were no bounds.
Are you telling the truth?!
Go ahead...
What's wrong with that?
Well...
Oh, Jingoro, come over here!
Coward!
I wanted to... say something a little more convincing, but...
It doesn't matter... what happens to me.
What do you mean by that?
I'll go with you.
...doing the old "meow-meow" with her!
Here."Meow-meow."
Hey, it's useless for all of us to stay together.
I'll go look a little further up.
I'll... look for him downhill...
Ayukawa!
Nothing happened... between us!
Let's pray for the spirits again next year.
As she set a lantern afloat... on her own...
What?!
"How is everything?"
Flare, Flare, Flare like the Sun, Fire Love...
Like seasons, hit songs come and go... As you get used to one, you're tired of it...
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It's withering in the winter..."
If that's the case, I might accept Yukari's invitation... and go all the way!
What?! Kasuga is...?
Oh... hello...
And instead... instead...
Oh... er, b... but, now... why did she...?
What?!
OOPS!
Nothing! Nothing! You'll find out about it soon!
Oh! I'm sorry!
H... H... Hey, knock it off! I was using the phone!
Why you!
Dammit! Just when it was getting good!
Ayukawa... Where could she be, I wonder...?
Cut that out!
Let me talk on the phone! Here...
Ayukawa...
Maybe I should go ahead... with Yukari to...
You're awful! Awful!
I can't believe you! I didn't know that you had an older sister, Darling!
Why didn't you tell me?
Really! Kyo, you bad boy!
Welcome!
Hey, are you sure?!
Yeah.
I had no idea... that it'd really lead to an adult relationship...
Here's Swingtop's new song!
All right, go for it!
Hmm... Still, how did you know that Madoka was performing here?
On vocals is my girlfriend... Yukari!
If a mere whisper is all it takes to turn your love around...
...I want to grow by your side.
"Broken Heart to Dream..."
...to treasure memories of all the little things we experience together.
...KNOCK ourselves out!
Flare, Flare, Flare like the Sun, Fire Love...
...to tell me that you'd be mine...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Well, well?! How do I look?!
You're walking on a tightrope with one arm stretched out...
Er... the question is who should be anchorman and anchorwoman...
It's got to be Komatsu, no matter what!
"Igangaa:" a made-up giant robot.
What?! Me and you, Kasuga?!
...they'll get the wrong idea about you if you skip this one too.
Do it yourself then.
Fine! Fine! I'll show ya, I'll get the first place prize!
"Oh, Master Kyosuke! It was I who erred! Please forgive me!"
"River."
What are you doing?
What?!
Yes. It's incredible!
...in the hopes that Sempai can claim that first place prize!
Good morning.
You're going straight to the Seoul Olympics, or so I hear.
...but I wanted to get the first place prize so that...
O... oww...
I got these, y'know!
I can't use them?
Hey! You kids had better not be using the Power at school!
But of course, daddy-o...
That stubborn fool!
Okamoto.
...he's doing it for the sake of somebody!
Is that Kurumi? Or Manami?
As expected, our class was running so slowly we were the last of the worst.
I can't say it out loud, but... you see... he's telepathic!
Next time: "Introducing Kazuya! Be Very Careful around the 'Panic Kid.' "
I can read the minds of others...
Cuz, I'm the one who's got telepathy.
...to tell me that you'd be mine...
"Tell me, lover, Tell me that you need me...
Tell Me, Tell Me - but you're a mystery.
Got somethin' to say?! Huh?!
Why, you brat!
Pink!
Told ya.
I wonder if what I'm thinking is being transmitted to Kazuya's mind...?
"...glamorous!"
They've gone out for a walk.
With Ayukawa... I'd want to...
There...
...and how comfy they felt?
Huh?
Say what?!
Oneechan, you're adorable too! I like you!
Oneechan, let's play!
What?
Er... nothing...
...you're not listening to me at all.
Yippee! Yippee!
Hikaru!
Hikaru!
Yup...
It just gets obnoxious, that's all.
I... I was... at that moment...
Indeed... Nothing could be worse!
Flare, Flare, Flare like the Sun, Fire Love...
Like seasons, hit songs come and go... As you get used to one, you're tired of it...
That's what's written on your profile.
You were waiting for the lucky star in your room...
Ayukawa... tonight you are my little devil.
Come now! Let's dance 'til the morning comes!
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Have you decided yet, Oniichan?! Milk? Or Coffee?
Coffee sounds good... but I might want to drink milk too...
trying to decide which socks to wear!
Forget him. Let's go!
Say what?! You're the one who's always telling us not to use the Power!
Hikaru!
Wow! All of them?!
Oh wow!
And you think that's a good reason for you to use the Power?!
Think so? I'm glad!
Darling, you're the worst!
They are so wrong! 'Cuz I'm the one who first discovered his charm!
I love him the best!
But...
Madoka?
So, what is it that you want to talk to me about?
Say, you're not working at ABCB today, right?
Be sure to dress sharp!
Wherefore art thou, Ushiko?
"...it's because of you..."
If I seem that way... it's because of you. alphaHFFOh! Gosh!
H... Hey! Like, what's the story here?!
Indecisive... Indecisive...
A...yukawa?!
You're such a simpleton, Oniichan!
Even if it's an action taken under hypnosis...
Thanks for EVERYTHING!
But I can't use his telepathy at all...
Er... well, what I mean is... Will you wait a sec!
So, I see! Kasuga isn't back yet, eh?
Y'know, we came here 'cause we were so worried about him!
What the! A Mini Mini-Kasuga?!
Geez... Manami and Kurumi...
Gak...!
Hey, you! What do you think you're doing here?!
K...Kazuya!
Oh, I forgot! You're telepathic!
"No Parking"
Young man! You're supposed to use the crosswalk!
"And I'm seeing it..."
I wonder if I can ever say such cool things...?
Oh, gosh, Darling! Maybe you fell asleep and hit your head on the chair!
A...Ayu... I mean... Oneechan...
Huh?! Oh...
What?
...he'll get the wrong idea, y'know!
He's such a blockhead, y'know. Your oniichan, that is.
...but one could conclude...
Where's Master?
Ayukawa, close your eyes.
It's all right. This is how it went in the movie.
Umao...
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It's withering in the winter..."
...maybe there'll be a chance for us to be alone!
Though, if I never got better... things might be...
Tell Me, Tell Me,...my Angel of the Summer...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
What?! A...Ayukawa got hurt?!
What?! I'll go see her for a little bit!
H... Hikaru!
Uh... Uh-huh.
Y...Yes?
"Tale of a heroic, hard-working, happy-happy-joyful girl...
Oh, gosh! Yippee!
Say what? rRedHuh?
Oh, how dramatic you are! Uh-huh!
Just joking!
Nice!
Huh? Like this?!
Yes! Good! Yeah, just like that!
Us men will be happy to lend a hand...
Y...Y'mean, Sempai and me?!
Well...
Oh, no! I'm nothing compared to Madoka!
...seemed so cute, like a little kid.
Don't you worry, I'm telling you!
Yeah.
You're Ayukawa Madoka, the one who's part-timing when only in junior high...
Really? What can I say to that!
This is... nothing, really, Madoka.
Hikaru...
I'm sorry... that you got hurt like this, for my sake...
Madoka... will you try the pudding I made for you?
I understand that you saved our Linda from being run over by a truck.
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It began in the summer..."
Hi!
As I tried to kiss you, as if to avoid me...
...with your T-Shirt on, you dove into the shining sea...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Tell Me, Tell Me - but you're a mystery.
T... To begin with... a little test.
...d... d... does...
Hey!
Hey!
You got some nerve!
Yoo-hoo, Officer! Over here! Over here, sir!
Beat it, before you get beaten.
Move it, you...
Um... You must be really strong.
Oh! That!
Oh, no!
Just kidding!
G...Gee...
...shed my skin...
Well, it's not as cool as actually flying, but...
"I'm so glad that I met you..."
Oniichan, thanks!
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It began in the summer..."
That's what's written on your profile.
Jingoro's been acting weird lately...
Oh Baby, Tell Me, Tell Me - You're unpredictable...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
It was a huge hassle just getting him back home!
Still, tell me what happened? Your cutesy eyes are all red.
Though, I'm concerned about...
The truth is... that it was you who... who...
In the morning or at night, I will love you. "I love you."
G...Gee, Ayukawa!
Wh...What the heck's this?!
Correctamundo! Oh, Kurumi and Manami are in there too!
Shoulders! Shoulders!
Matchmaking! Matchmaking!
"...and the stranger that you are..."
I'm the assistant host, Hattatei Buri!
That's right! Uh-huh! You shouldn't be naughty like that!
Er... Oh, no, nothing.
Okay? I'm begging you!
Hey! Jingoro!
Jingoro!
Hey, Kazuya! Where did Jingoro go?!
So what's the story?! Are you telling us that the cat's owner is here?
Ayukawa!
Sempai!
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It's withering in the winter..."
What?! Hayami, the guy from the Soccer Club?!
Spread open upon the surface of the blue water.
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
Kurumi, are you all right?! Are you sick?!
Maybe she's in love as well!
Kurumi... is in love, eh...?
The Kurumi that I know?!
What do you want?! You're grossing me out!
Th... This moron... It can't be him!
D...Damn!
Will you bring it to me right away?!
S...Sempai... Forgive me!
There!
Er... Uh-huh... I've heard a little about him...
What do you think, Ayukawa?
What? What do you mean?
It's him!
I apologize, for not having written back. alphaHFFOh, no.
I apologize, for not having written back. rWhiteOh, no.
Don't you agree, Kasuga?
What happened to you, Oniichan?
Uh-huh! There's no doubt about that!
Here we are at a parking area by the seaside drive...
You drove us here, not saying a word.
...my oniichan's been going after two girls!
...and I'll respond with all my might.
It's their exclusive "Super Deluxe Ultra Special Hamburger!"
Now, now...
I'm really sorry!
...we two shall make a dreamy confession of love! Yeah, sure!
You must really like Kasuga, huh?
You bastard!
Ayukawa...
I'm sorry about before! I had it all wrong! I'm sorry! I apologize!
I'm sorry! I was so worried about Kurumi...
Thanks for the towel. I'm sure I'll be using it.
As we watched the horizon, I said good-bye.
Like seasons, hit songs come and go... As you get used to one, you're tired of it...
Erase the memory of you from me... "Stop, Stop, Stop."
What...? What do you want?
Oh! Ayukawa! Are those roses from Yuusaku?
Oh!
Hey, Hikaru, so what happened?
Gee, you don't have to hide your feelings!
'Cause, 'cause... Me, I've got my Darling!
Father!
C'mon, Ayukawa, so what's the story?
I had no idea how Ayukawa was feeling... at that moment.
"Stop being such a damned buncha snoops!"
I'm so pooped today!
Madoka! Wait up!
I thought that it was... the weather that did it to Yuusaku, but it ain't.
Ayukawa, the truth is... Yuusaku...
Right, Oniichan?
R...Ran away from home?!
...get on the train that goes to Nunokawa Falls!
Double suicide!
I...
Don't... Don't do it, Ayukawa!
Ushiko!
It's coming along, Yuu.
He'll win, I'm sure. Right, Kasuga?
"Yuu became discouraged for some reason."
"I understand how it must've felt."
"I'm sure that Hikaru doesn't feel bad...
"...when someone like Yuu says it, so straight from the heart...
Asahi Jr. High's Kuroiwa is making a one-sided move on Hino!
Oh! He brings Hino down with a Major Outer Reap!
What're you doing, Yuusaku?!
...then you'll be the same old wimp that...
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It began in the summer..."
Erase the memory of you from me... "Stop, Stop, Stop."
Oh Baby, Tell Me, Tell Me - I know that you're in love...
'Tell me you love me, Tell me that you need me...
S...Say, do you know what day today is?
It's November the 15th!
Oh! It's "National Gymnastics Day!"
Yes?! Yes?!
It's the birthday of that baby panda!
All right, Oniichan, we have to get going too.
...do something... tomorrow.
Something very important.
Who in the hell are you?! Tell me the truth!
Wh...What am I doing...?! Huh...?
Hikaru! Ow...
...then Madoka said she liked the other one. That's all.
Darling, it also happens to be my birthday today too.
That means... Wait a sec here...
And so Hikaru hasn't seen Ayukawa and me on top of my bed!
Oh...
What's wrong?!
Darling, you jokester!
Oh! Gosh! That explains it!
Go start the party without me.
Y...You!
Of course not!
Oh, brother.
Then, what are we to do?
Are you crazy?! I'm the one who barged into this time-line!
What're you doing?! Stop it! I don't wanna go!
Wherefore art thou, Umao?
Like that?
You idiot!
Falling down those steps twice was certainly painful, no doubt...
Besides... Nobody ended up getting hurt after all.
...to tell me that you'd be mine...
"Darling!"
"Yeah! Dar..."
"Thank you, Hikaru... for coming to our ceremony."
"N...No!"
"Darling!"
Oh! Thank goodness!
How should I put it...
Nah! I left 'em behind with my mother as I was being delivered!
S...Say, I'd devour Mushrooms of Truth for you, so...
You could say that she's a walking Mushroom of Truth!
Wow! It's pretty!
You see this? It says so right here!
Huh? Oh! N... Er... Not yet.
Ka-su-ga.
Why else would she be doing this to me?!
Ayukawa!
There! Oh, 'tis such a magnificent aroma!
S...So that poor powerless Hatta can live for another day...
There! Done.
"And, wherefore art my apples?"
I've got to borrow this...!
Hikaru, come back! The bridge is too dangerous!
Sempai, I can't stand you anymore! Don't come near me, please!
Okay!
Kasuga... I love you...
...she was acting weird because of the mushroom.
Oh, what a pitiful soul I am!
...after you got bitten by the snake...
A...Ayukawa!
Hold me, Hold me, Hold me, Fire Love. "It burnt up in the fall..."
Broken Heart is in Flames. "It began in the summer..."
Ayukawa!
I was told that it's around here, so...
I'd better tell them not to use the Power!
Think so? Er, Grandma... That! That! That!
We've got to...
Eeek!
S...Stop that!
What is it?
Yuusaku, help me out, man!
Thanks.
Yeah...
I...I was thinking of giving Grandpa a shoulder massage or something...
And the two...
Kasuga, what are you doing?!
Hikaru! It's started!
Maybe your form isn't right.
On that last night we went out for a drive, I left my go-out voice behind.
Like seasons, hit songs come and go... As you get used to one, you're tired of it...
...I was too late to notice it in that one phone call that day.
...I somehow became Komatsu and Hatta's slave...
...and ended up becoming a panty thief!
"One of those?!" But everyone has 'em.
Now that's a good idea!
One, two...
This... is a talent that appears only once in a decade!
Well! I couldn't tell you before but...
All right... well then... next, let's see...
What's amazing about that?! Huh?!
That bod... that's no ordinary fifteen-year old!
Oh? rGreenOh...
Darling!
It's all right, Darling...
Yeah. He should be there.
"You must be all sweaty."
"Would you... like to take a bath with me?"
"Fuzzzz..." Can you hear that?
...and like you do now, then I get these...
What's going on?
Oh, nothing!
Uh-huh! Not bad at all!
...some work that my... er, photographer friend did!
Get me cigarettes...
He's still screwed up!
Ice-creams! Ten of 'em! Bring 'em to the park, okay?
Are you all done helping Hikaru?
Nude pictures of A... Ayukawa...
If you don't stop... you're gonna be really sorry!
What?! Are you telling me that he was hypnotized?!
...and even let Hikaru take part in it!
What if Kasuga's an ESPer?!
Gosh! Madoka, you're into it too!
Aye, sir!
Director Komatsu, are we really supposed to wear these?
...basically a performance that symmetrically portrays...
Kasuga!
That's crazy! How could I just "vanish?"
No need to worry, Kasuga. We're buddies, after all!
Sure you can! Do it as much as you want!
It's damn obvious that they're trying to tape me using the Power!
He tells us not to do it, but he uses it a lot himself, the Pow...
Audio-Visual Studio
Like what?
What?!
I can't let it be that way!
Please...
Cut! Okay, very good!
Come to get your butt kicked?
W... Whatcha laughin' about?!
YES!
YES!
How pathetic can they be?!
Changing the subtitle without letting us know and all!
Ta-da! This, folks, is... "The Paranormal Power!"
Director, the tape is stuck in the machine, and it won't eject!
Hikaru, tell them, please! You guys vanished back there, didn't you?!
You blatant liar!
I shouldn't have believed what Komatsu said...
Though, if it's really true that...
On that last night we went out for a drive, I left my go-out voice behind.
Flare, Flare, Flare like the Sun, Fire Love...
A-ha-ha...
Got to be more straightforward to say it...
...but uncertainty whispers into my ear...
Got to be able to cry...
'Cause I love you...
I must've dozed off!
Good-bye, I'll be going now.
If you lie your ass off, you'll be sorry!
Why don't you stay over...
Oh, God, I'm scared...
And I've got a calcium deficiency!
You said it! Really, there's nothing worse than sukeban!
You should talk!
W...Why you! Take this!
Yes!
...if it's for... if it's for Oryuu...
...and dragged her off somewhere!
"Huh?"
Snow?!
Snow!
Get out of my way, Hikaru.
If you follow me... you and I shall never speak again.
Just a moment... Please put this to good use!
I'm sorry...
To the construction site in Green-Ward! Floor it!
You bitch!
Ayukawa!
I didn't come here to fight.
What?!
...so whoever gets to the bottom first wins.
All right, then... if I win, you leave town.
Oryuu!
"I just dance in the sweet memories" He's my one and only; you never can tell
"I just dance in the sweet memories"
The Actress in the Mirror...
The Actress in the Mirror...
'Tis a great excuse to bring a girl you like to the party!
Oh! You guys!
Hurry! Or you're gonna be late for school!
Later, Kasuga!
Ayukawa!
Komatsu told me so.
What kind of a dress would you like me to wear, Darling?
...gonna be... gonna be my date!
Er... Well...
...then when you see the convenience store on the corner, take a left...
I'm sorry, but would you repeat that once more?
Well... whatever you say, sir...
What's going on here?!
Th...This can't be...
C...Come here for a sec...
Tonight's Christmas Party...
Huh... Huh?!
When I went to your place, I was told everyone had left.
Here it comes!
Y...Yes...
Even if I'm accused of double-dealing...
...he believed in Santa Claus!
"I just dance in the sweet memories" He's my one and only; you never can tell
Hey, Madoka, wash my back, 'cause I'm taking a bath!
Well, Madoka said that she'd be...
Yu... Yuusaku! Er...
A-ha-ha...
Got to be able to cry...
The Actress in the Mirror...
How about some Ozouni? Or...
Hey!
And now, you are a dog!
What the...? What did you do?! Why you, hold it!
Yeah.
Spending time with her parents. She said she had no choice.
Let's see...
Say, Ayukawa... are you really all right now?
She's really hypnotized!
"Command me as you will?" How am I supposed to answer that?!
Here you go, sir.
Y...Yeah.
I know!
Seeing her like this, Ayukawa seemed to me to be charming beyond words.
Oh, er... Well...
Have a Happy New Year's!
L...Let's go home, Madoka.
M...Madoka, you're not completely innocent either.
Huh? Y...You could do it right here...
Ayukawa!
Dammit! There!
Still, Madoka, why did you decide not to go to America?
Huh? Er, well... I changed my mind, y'know...
...snowflakes dance on the platform, and you came running, out of breath.
Who'll win this battle, on which the future of civilization depends?
Don't it ring a bell... touching the body of the first man you ever had?
Finally Opens Today at Toho Theaters Nationwide! Toho Advance Tickets Selling Fast!
...I tried to pretend that there wasn't a scent of lie.
The Actress in the Mirror...
The Actress in the Mirror...
each time I act, the truth leaves further...
...the seriousness of the crime. You've broken my heart.
Angel Leader, this is TAP GUN HQ.
Mr. Monster, your thoughts, please. Yeah right!
That monster isn't dead. It dove under the surface to escape.
"The Black Fighter?!"
Why, you!
That means...
Uh-huh!
What she said.
Hmm... If you say so...
...shall be calling the creature "Monster G" from now on.
You're our only hope. We're counting on you!
Before we go on, how about forking over my dough?
Even though society considers me an outcast, to me, this is business.
They aren't the only reason, are they?
Monster, prepare to die!
Why's he so lame?
What's with this?!
T...That's silly!
Kyosuke... Wherefore... Wherefore...
Nothing's gonna fall on you when the train comes... if you're outside.
W...Why? It's very nutritious!
Roger.
...Monster G is heading south along the stream towards Tokyo Tower!
Immediate Launch! Immediate Launch!
Madoka! You're crazy!
Let's go for it!
...your heart was in everything you did... I loved that about you.
...Captain Ayukawa Madoka has been shot down by Monster G!
This monster has truly unbelievable power!
Jingoro...
All I wanted was... to be the one man you got along with!
Sure Death Technique: Super Dimensional Comet Pegasus Major League Attack 1!
Captain Ayukawa... Black Fighter... Such irreplaceable sacrifices...
Don't forget your role! Your role!
Jingoro... Jingoro...
Huh?!
Kasaku Yaanmu.
Jingoro... Jingoro...
Ya got that right.
Good-bye!
It's so uncool that I can't stay on as a member of TAP.
What did you say?! W...Why?!
The ones that end up happily ever after... have gotta be Darling and me!
"I just dance in the sweet memories" ...what it takes to love someone.
"I just dance in the sweet memories" He's my one and only; you never can tell
If that's true, then I can sneak inside the girls' locker room...
The Actress in the Mirror...
Got to be able to cry...
...but my pride keeps revising my dialogue...
Pretty useful, don't you think?
This is fun!
"There!"
"Kasuga! That was amazing!"
Why am I always like this?!
Morals! Morals!
Oh, gosh!
I can't skate, not a bit!
Well, Ojiisan?
Whatdidjasay?!
Look where it ended up!
What do you think you're doing, Kasuga?!
Is this what you're...
You're dissing me, 'cause you think I'll lose! Well, I won't!
It'll be sunset by the time that ball comes down!
What the...?!
Oh! We got a pervert in here!
Don't scare us like that!
You bet! 'Cause, if I win...
Advantage: Kyosuke-Hikaru Team!
He's... my friend, after all.
"Ayukawa!"
H... Huh?
So how did it feel? To be awakened by a girl's kiss?
...a happy one, like seeing your photograph.
I...
What?!
"...fall asleep, wake up... and as I lie in bed, I dream of you."
"It's not safe around here, so you'd better be careful. Here."
Yup! An Underclassmen-Killer!
"Sumire..."
Madoka-oneesama!
You'll find a matching sweater and gloves in here.
Look...
All right? Well?
Wh...Why me?!
Er... Well, it's kinda hard for me to say this, but...
L...Listen...
Kiss me...
As soon as we heard that Sumire barged into Ayukawa's house...
...we went over there, and look what happens!
You said it! You said it! But, man, am I jealous!
Uh-huh!
Just forget about all of this... Why don't you go home?
It's all because Madoka doesn't have...
A boyfriend that everyone knows about?!
I hear that you've been pestering that freshman, Hiyama Hikaru, huh?
Wait, you! Kasuga!
Anyway, we've got to hurry!
Madoka! This isn't the time for that kind of thing!
Ayukawa...
Madoka!
"Sempai: Grabs Madoka's hand."
Th... This can't be...
That's not it, Sumire...
Oneesama! Hurry!
Oneesama!
Darling, help!
Oh!
At a train station on a faraway day...
"I just dance in the sweet memories" He's my one and only; you never can tell
Alas, Hikaru totally misunderstood me, and said, "I'll kill myself!"
You've got to! C'mon!
It'll be fine. You can learn to play anything quickly, Darling.
"The Pikkaru's?"
Since tomorrow's Saturday, can you come early?
"Darling... Where were you last night?"
"What were you really doing?"
"...just...
"...to be listening to you play, caressed by the sea breeze."
Did something happen... to Oniichan?
You know something, don't you?
That can't be... That can't possibly be true!
Sempai... you weren't with Yukari last night, right?
T...
What a joke!
Oh... What's wrong, Kazuya?
The Actress in the Mirror...
each time I act, the truth leaves further...
"Good!
Now, now! Don't run away!
Goodness! Why can't you behave?!
Will you cut that out?! Or else I'll get really angry with you!
Take care of things...?! Why, you...
"Come with you?" Where to?
Where else?! The school! School!
Oh! Good morning!
What do you mean?
Some people get bashful when they're hiding something!
Oh my!
...given out, on the house, so...
My... thank you for your help...
My...
Huh? Oh, no! It takes so much out of me that I don't know what to do!
...after all the times we've been told not to give or receive chocolates in school!
Want a bite?
For boys like us, boys with pure, innocent hearts...
...Valentine's Day is diabolical, isn't it?!
Darling... somehow, you seem strange today...
D...Did you already eat some chocolate?!
Hey! This ain't good!
W...We're outta here! Later!
I worked so hard to make you a chocolate, Darling...
You bastard! She worked on it so hard, and all for you!
"Kasuga Kyosuke..."
Just what's he... really up to...?
Here.
...not many non-customers get to have one of those chocolates!
Hikaru...
Wait!
"W... Wh... Yikes!"
Isn't this your first time too, Madoka? Well?!
Maybe something came up with Kyosuke-oniichan!
Still, please take it easy on him, okay, Madoka?
Do you want me to go with you?
I was told that Kazuya is with you...
Yoohoo! Darling!
Hikaru!
K...Kazuya! O...Ow...
Oh! The scarf... It's Madoka's!
I haven't gotten one from you, Ayukawa, y'know!
And yet... this once, I won't let him get away with it!
Hikaru!
Apparently he REALLY wants to atone for his bad behavior!
Hot chocolate?
That means... this must've... come from Ayukawa's heart.
"I just dance in the sweet memories" Sweet memories
This isn't true!
...only serves to glamorize this night...
I only started doing this because Hikaru insisted...
"Today, I took a bath together with Kumagoro, my stuffed bear!"
Let's read our Exchange-Diary of Love to her, in thanks for tomorrow's food!
I wonder if Hikaru's cold could get bad enough...
She was so full of energy.
"A National Day of Mourning?!" You're kidding me, right?
You see, Hikaru...
She won't be coming back ever again!
Yeah.
Taking the life of Hikaru, an innocent girl with the soul of an angel.
...her tears... stabbed at my heart.
Pull yourself together, man!
Kasuga, you idiot! Stop crying!
You shouldn't be crying! You can't cry!
If we don't at least do that much...
...she'll ridicule us from above, as a star up in the heavens!
...everything here reminds me of Hikaru.
And, who knows when it'll be our time to go?
B...But... there's no need to demolish it!
Don't worry! Don't worry about such things.
I know!
Umao!
Wherefore art thou, Ushiko?
And, wherefore art thou, Umao?
Darling...?
G...Grandpa! Y...You rat!
Oh! E...Er...
What? Yeah...
I... I've long waited for this day!
Come on now! Please go ahead and tell me!
Childhood memories?! I thought you were gonna dump that rat Kasuga!
Sempai! You've come to see him go?
Kumagoro, the stuffed animal?!
B... But...
...I...
I'm done!
I hung up the phone, when you called to cancel the date...
...and further from my face. You've broken my heart.
A diagonal descent!
Hikaru's impression of me will now completely change for the better!
Wow! A 90-meter jump!
So, you like Hikaru that much, I take it?
Thank you God!
Uh-oh! I forgot something!
You go ahead without me.
...Ayukawa has feelings for me...?
That means, I...
What do you talking about?! This is the girls' room!
I wonder what the bathroom is like?
For real! For real! The real deal!
All right!
No, no, Jingoro! You shouldn't be doing that to clothes!
"The Thinker..." That's not it!
Kasuga... This way!
Huh...? We're on the second floor!
Oh... Madoka and Darling... Where did they go?
Th... There's no better time than now to confess my love for Hikaru!
Oh? What's up, Yuusaku?
...I... l...
...love your skiing.
A... A voice from the heavens! Yeah! Now that I've gone this far...
What are you doing?
Darling... Where did you go?
What the? Hikaru, why aren't you drinking?
Huh? I am too...
Ha! Gimme another!
But...
See? There you go!
I can't use telepathy, but...
...if I concentrate really hard, and call his name...
Oh, er...
...when you settle for less than you bargain for...
I've got no choice, I've got to teleport us...
My Power isn't working!
Wait, you! Kazuya!
At a train station on a faraway day...
"I just dance in the sweet memories"
I wanted to find out just who it was...
In short... she and I are... still just friends...
The Actress in the Mirror...
There's no turning back now that I've realized...
The sounds, the colors... merge as one... and become tranquility.
I was thinking that this is just like that day, long ago.
Well, it sure sounds nice when said like that, at least...
And, today is that day, but... I doubt that he'll be coming.
Amazing! Wow! Jingoro!
Could you quiet it down just a l...
N... No way...
What is she thinking?!
Hey! You shouldn't be crying over such a little thing, Yuusaku!
You're crying like a baby again!
But...
"Hikaru?"
Yup!
Here.
Eighty-two... "Customers' Spring Appreciation Day..."
I know that! But...
Geez... Pipe down, you brat!
A-ha! That's neat!
What a precocious little brat!
"Do you understand, Kyosuke? When you're 'timeslipped,' you should..."
Yeah. Sorry they aren't new any more, but I loved them...
...and they'd just be extra stuff for me to carry, so...
Oh!
Run for it!
I'm the little sister of the girl you called "Ayukawa."
I'm Ayukawa Madoka.
No! No! I'll do it, and I mean it!
Madoka's... Madoka's...
You just wait... We'll let you go, as soon as we catch that alien!
I can't...
"Hikaru's Magic Time!"
My goodness!
"Keep it! It looks pretty good on you."
...I wonder, what kind of Ayukawa she will be by then?
"...to meet again, right here."
At a train station on a faraway day...
The Actress in the Mirror...
The wind wafts gently underneath an aquamarine sky.
Oh! I know! Lemme guess... Your first love!
Well, it sure sounds nice when said like that, at least...
Well, er, what I said was... what did you just say about Ayukawa?
There! There!
Amazing! Wow! Jingoro!
This must be a bad dream!
It can't be true! No matter what happened in her past...
Oh? From America?
Huh? Er... Nothing...
But... you told us you wouldn't be going to America, and that...
...you'd be attending senior high school with Darling and everybody else!
I know that! But...
And then, you shouted "Ayukawa!"
How many times do we have to hurt ya, before you give up?!
Yeah... I'll use my Power, and then...
"...never interfere with the course of events in the past!"
How dare you touch 'em, you two! Oh!
What?! Your sister? I... It can't be...
It's always such a pleasure to hear young girls scream!
A while back...
...I "timeslipped" after falling down the stairs at school.
Ah... I guess I'll be living in this world with the little Hikaru...
It's all right, Yuusaku... You can talk to your oniichan here.
...the one who bought it for her!
Because I've come to this world...
Yeah! I promise! In six years... right here!
Ayukawa... has finally learned that I possess Paranormal Powers!
...when I'm supposed to be protecting the Ayukawa of 6 years ago!
...but my pride keeps revising my dialogue...
Promise me!
Yeah! I promise! In six years... right here!
Gee!
What?!
H...Hikaru...
A parallel world!
Who are you shoutin' at?
You're not a familiar face from around here.
I hate cops, y'know...
At the time...
Say...
Ayukawa...
Well? Do you finally feel up to giving in a little?
Ayukawa! Thank goodness you're all right!
Kasuga...
I'll... wait for you to come back from America, Ayukawa!
I'll be right here waiting for you.
See? Before long, she comes...
"This is a story from long, long ago..."
"And into an abyss did they fall..."
...the time we went to my grandfather's house.
A-HA-HA... I'm the actress in the mirror.
KIMAGURE ORANGE ROAD
I just dance in the sweet memories The pain I suffered...
If you wanted to get in the bath with me, you shoulda just said so, Darling!
Yeah, nice and smooth! Right, right!
Go on, get in, you two...
He's just kidding around!
W... Wait... Wh... What are you trying to say?
"Nakedness?!"
Kasuga... what's this superstition?
H... Hikaru...!
Huh?
Ayukawa?
Huh? But you took off your clothes...
So that song's an old story told in the village, huh?
"In love, they eloped, and away they did run..."
...but their parents were against this union, so they ran off together.
"...gathered the village people..."
The guy barely managed to catch a handhold, and...
...until finally...
What are you saying?! Now get up!
Ayukawa! rWhiteKasuga!
A dead end!
Who... Who's there?
"And into an abyss did they fall..."
So... let go... Let go!
Kasuga!
Thank you...
And that...
"Oh, did they fall..."
"As if in a dreamworld..."
I've realized my tragic mistake, yet I cannot return.
...but suddenly, without warning, it happened.
Someday, someday... I'll wait for that forever.
Three sodas, then. h
Hikaru's all excited.
In the middle of the Pacific...
No, it's a mistake, a mistake!
"Dokin:"The sound of one's heart skipping a beat.
Maybe it's whoever was following me earlier...
A kidnapping? That's ridiculous!
For us to put all our money in a bag and follow their instructions...
"We'll handle it ourselves."
"What?!"
"...is them checking to see if we're being followed."
Huh?
What does it mean?
B... Blue Dolphin! Then, Hikaru's in there?
I've been sitting here crying, feeling homesick for Japan...
"Abe:" Abenonakamaro, author of the poem Hikaru sings.
Hikaru's no big company president's daughter.
My name is Hikaru. That's "ru," as in "ra-ri-ru-re-ro!"
Yeah...
"It's been a week since then."
I just dance in the sweet memories... Sweet memories
...because lovers' hearts are whimsical indeed.
Well, Grandmother keeps worrying that you're eating nothing but...
She kept bugging me to bring you this food.
But, but... vegetables and fish are such boring presents!
There's gotta be something else interesting in here!
...I'll give you proof just this once!
I'M Kurumi!
No, no, no, no, no!
Why don't we go in now?
Hey... Kyosuke's scared of Jingoro! Just like a goldfish!
Wh... What's going on? Everyone looks so apprehensive...
What the, what the...?
Kasuga sure is late...
Hikaru! Ayukawa! I'm right here!
Gotcha!
What? Really? All right! Lucky! Lucky! I'm so happy!
Hi! Um, have you seen...
Well, since that's what they said, maybe it'd be best for Kasuga if you didn't.
This is ridiculous! Why does this have to happen to me?
J... Jingoro? Are you okay?
Don't say that; give it back! rWhiteNo!
Thanks!
...told me, "If you come home with a cat, I'm not letting you in!" So that's that!
Oh, no! The pilot light's gone out!
Kyosuke!
Kasuga...
Huh?
Even though I knew, I said nothing because I prefer harmony.
The sunrise brings back memories, and this feeling of love...
Dance with me again!
Gotcha, gotcha!
...has the power of suggestion, to make people see illusions.
There was this real smartass sitting there like he owned the place, and...
She's too good of a girl for you, you know...
The pool?! A... Akane!
That's what Hikaru said to me.
I see! And so you and this "just a classmate" person...
...Hikaru knows Ayukawa really well, as they've been friends since childhood.
What's up? You guys going ahead?
Huh? What?
You two oughta cut it out too!
What was that all about?
What is that jerk thinking?
Gone to the bathroom. Still hasn't come back, though...
What... found out what?
Uh, thanks... and hello.
Darling!
The pool was... this one here...?
You're terrific, Madoka!
She's been deceived by that jerk Kyosuke's sweet talk.
Why don't we go swimming, too?
Uh, but...
Why don't I... oil your back for you?
Sh... She can't be... using her power on Hikaru!
I... I'm sorry, Hikaru.
Kasuga!
Stop it!
Hey! Hey hey hey!
Uh-oh. I think maybe I overdid it.
Stop it!
...touch that girl!
And, being drunk, Ayukawa didn't seem to be aware of my powers either.
Oh! Choose me! And take on me!
Stage of Love Heart on Fire! SPRING IS FOR IDOLS!
"Yeah... Ayukawa?"
"Say what?!"
Kurumi! Manami! H... Hikaru!
When a star drifts across the night sky... When the moon shines on you...
...then the noise of the city will go away, and you just call me...
Aw, for crying out loud, gimme a break! I can't even go out for a walk!
I bet you're getting jealous...
Who's gonna believe me anyway?
Step on it, driver! h
Oh, come on! You don't have to play the star in front of me.
I loved it, but I was extremely tired by this time...
Oh, you stop that! You're too much!
I'm always wishing I could be llike Hayakawa Mitsuru, you know.
You're a lot cooler than he is! h
But not being surrounded by groupies can only be good, man!
You've lost a little weight, haven't you?
"Broadcast Studio"
"Huh?"
"When I close my eyes like this, I can see the stage waiting for me."
"And then..."
Well, I'm glad you managed to become a singer, Kazuto!
Then who's that girl with him?
I'm really glad you could hang around with me for a while.
I gotta find him.
"Talk about selfish motives!"
"...I want to make it big, and make you happy."
Shiori...
Th... There you are!
Why, that's me coming this way!
The real thing?
Welcome back... Kazuto.
By the way, what about your offer to hang around with me 'til morning?
... we cannot keep ourselves apart.
...because lovers' hearts are whimsical indeed.
"Ladies and gentlemen..."
"...today, I must tell you something you will find hard to believe."
"I have had an incredible experience, right here in your town."
I was dreaming that I was cheering on Ayukawa, who was on stage.
Line up to the right if you have confidence in your looks.
Eh? Did something happen in the dressing room?
Ayukawa...!
Please, Madoka.
If he suspects my power, then I'll have to ask him to keep it a secret.
"Monthly Schedule"
The audience are all kids anyhow. No one will know if you're a little off.
But, but, wait a minute!
Stand by, please.
I'll bring it right back!
If... If that's the case...
I can't sing unless you put me down.
...was better than any singer on TV.
Thank you. Because of you, I had a revelation.
I'm sad, but I'm also deeply touched.
What do you mean,"go home?" They haven't announced the results yet.
Oh! Choose me! And take on me!
Dance with me again!
KIMAGURE ORANGE ROAD
Man... what a dream...
A... Akane!
"Even though you're a senior now."
"Not again."
...that you haven't got a boy--
I think so too!
Kasuga, are you alone today?
...and then,"How 'bout some sunburn cream?"
Now just a minute...
You lean up against the fence and pout...
I can't tell from just that whether he's really your boyfriend.
Wh... What's this?
Hikaru! Wh... What's she doing here?
Hold it!
"Junior.:" A younger school friend.
Cut it out. rWhiteWha...?!
Hey, Akane! I didn't find your wallet anywhere.
I thought she looked a little funny, though...
Well, do you believe us now?
Then how about "Balloon Carry?"
Uh, okay... rGreenUh, okay...
Madoka, am I really that much trouble?
A... Akane?
Don't embarrass me.
A... Akane...!
Th... That sound...
They forgot to lock the door.
What do you mean, "what?"
Oh, your yesterdays... you can't return to those days again.
And hold tight to the me that no one knows...
Autumn... the season for concerts...
Yippee! You look fabulous, Madoka! You're a modern-day Cinderella!
I tell you, Kasuga, I was afraid we might not be able to communicate!
She looked quiet and peaceful.
If only your wife's concert in France didn't coincide with yours...
...she could have been here with you.
Hey, you fine-lookin' ladies, how about a dinner date with us guys!
God! They are the lowest! I can't believe that you'd have friends like that!
Hey, Ayukawa!
When you're done changing, could you check the answering machine?
I just couldn't get another ticket this time around, okay?
D... Dummies! What the hell are you saying?
He said he's just about to leave the hotel...
Okay, okay. I'm not the only lonely one around here, eh?
You scum, we heard all about it! So you're alone, eh!
Here's the chance for us to bring in all the girls we'll pick up!
We'll take you to a nice place, okay?
"Dear Kasuga..."
Kyosuke must be out somewhere! Master, I'll go look!
So, there's really no one else in the house? h
Oh, I know! Want me to cook something for you?
Huh? No, no, really, no!
Really? h
What? "That's why" what?
Then it's okay? rWhiteY... Yeah...
Wanna join me? I brought it along.
Ayukawa...
This lady was just a pupil of Ayukawa's father...
Huh? "Go home?"
Shh! Don't move!
And besides... rWhite"Besides?"
How do you know that?!
Y... You're sharp!
Concerned about your weak muscles? Then come to archery class!
But still, there's plenty of time.
..."Yippee!" is how I'll try to feel when I go to watch...
Ayukawa...
Hmm... yeah...
Oh yeah... I gotta put this up...
There are some thumbtacks in the back room. rGreenRight!
True...
"You'd better give us some money..."
Oh yeah! I better put the ice cream away!
You're so bashful, you know...
Sure!
...if there's... anything...
Let me fly until I fall apart.
accounted for 40 of last year's exam...
Now wait just a minute...!
Ayukawa!
Would you like some fries with that?
Let's see, it goes like this, and this part is like this, and...
Yeah...! Can we go to the festival together, Darling?
The festival. The festival!
It's okay. Please don't worry about it.
Wh... what?
Finally awake, Kasuga? Aren't you studying a bit too hard?
Right! Right! The more I think "l gotta study, I gotta study..."
After all, compared to Ayukawa, she'd be an easy fish to catch!
Oh, you! You're Kasuga, right?
What are you saying about lovely couples? Dad specializes in scenery photos!
Right, Dad?
But I really am impressed...! He sure is a pro!
'Cause it'll be night time, so he won't need that thing!
But food is always best eaten fresh! Right, Madoka?
Oh, it slipped out again!
I guess those needles are a bit slippery.
Right!
Yup! November 15th...
No matter what you say to me now...
On a terrace in the afternoon light...
Hello, Kasuga residence.
It's Ayukawa, isn't it?
Yeah...
I've been such a fool, haven't I...?
I... really...
"I'm a hooker, you say? But why is that so terrible?"
"Well in that case... why do you not support me?"
...I was just thinking maybe I could bring over some snacks...
Well then, let's start looking through the possible answers...
"Did you see Hikaru? Circle one: YES. NO."
But I...
Don't phone me anymore, okay...?
Say, you wanna catch a movie this Sunday?
Okay. See ya.
Hmm, sure is raining hard... Might as well close up for today...
Don't apologize now, Madoka!
The year we were born!
Hikaru, where are you going?
...and I thought maybe you'd want one, so I brought one for you!
...that if I swung hard enough...
...the sky that day-- I will hold it in my heart.
Yeah... It should be starting pretty soon...
...were both accepted.
Though we drift apart here and there...
...a slightly cramped swing.
...I will hold it in my heart.
Bang!
You'll do just fine, Darling! Please cheer up!
Eh? It's the special production in honor of next year's graduates.
You're talking about next year, and auditions have already started?
Hmm... yeah...
Madoka! We were just talking about this, but...
Oh, Hikaru!
...how will we deal with them then?!
...is what they've told their parents, so it's all right, they say.
Really?!
Nameplate: "Kasuga Takashi, Kyosuke, Manami, Kurumi"
She said it was written somewhere in here...
Darling, I'm gonna root through the cupboard, okay?
There you go.
Sitting here like this, doesn't it feel like we're newlyweds?
Yeah, you wanna listen?
I'll dub this for you sometime.
If I could be held by you...
When I'm sad, let me cry.
It was like the sweet taste of coconut-almond...
...I am a bird that keeps chasing a dream.
Good afternoon! I can help you over here!
I'll knit you a scarf with this then.
Hikaru...
Brother-in-law... can you get these?
Sure.
He wouldn't dare flirt with other women, wearing his wife's hand-knit, right?
See you later then, Madoka.
Bye.
Yeah...
Chapter II
What's the matter?
Hey Kasuga!
Oh, you think so too, Hatta?
So you mean you've never even thought about "doing it" with her? Eh...?
See...? On top of that, she's just crazy about you!
Yeah, that's right! That's right!
Hey, hey...!
Oh, you! You're Kasuga, right?
Yes, sir!
Go right ahead!
It sounds kinda far, but it's not all that far away, is it?
What? Uh, unfortunately, no. He doesn't seem to be feeling up to it.
Yeah... I suppose so...
You whispered it just last night.
I pretended not to notice...
I wanted just once more...
Hello, Kasuga residence.
I...
But then... trying to study wouldn't do me any good, right?
...I took it for granted that you liked me...
Yes?
What...?
Because... I really...
What?
Yes, sir!
Yes, I know I shouldn't see you anymore...!
Oh, then Kasuga... good luck in your studies! I'll call again!
Ayukawa!
But Hikaru isn't going to just accept that, you know...
Kyosuke? Telephone...
...and I was thinking you might need a little break...
What are you doing here?
To go study with Madoka?
...I really want to tell you about it first...
Good. I'll phone you, then.
Don't apologize now, Madoka!
Ever since we were little, it's always been the three of us, hasn't it?
Hmm. Okay, how about this? The landing of the "Riifude."alphaHFF 1600.
Um... Let's see... The Japan-U.S. Peace Treaty?
ANSWER ME!
...even though I call for it to stop.
"This is Hikaru?! When was this?"
...when I lost love...
At no time does time wait for me.
I was very insecure, worse than you.
Damn!
Congratulations, Kasuga!
What would you like for your award gift?
I said you get a gift for your award.
Well, then....
Ayukawa...
We tried to strengthen our ties to each other, but the more we did so
I shouldn't have mentioned Hikaru, should I?
Master...
She said she doesn't know how much she can do, but she'll try.
Even if you keep it longer, it won't get any better.
Kyosuke!
No way! That's three years from now!
but his soul, which was thrown clear, is walking around somewhere.
Well, it has been three years.
It was a mysterious feeling.
Well, that's true, but...
Yes, I live over there now.
You called him and said you were going to go to New York
Mr. Sugisawa?
I realized that I hadn't seen Hikaru for a long time.
How great! That's why you came back to Japan temporarily. Wonderful!
You're so funny!
At that moment...
I thought I should tell her all of it, and ask her about that period of time.
At that moment, I had no doubt that she was asking how I felt, so...
Well, not good. Not very well, I think.
Next to Ayukawa's car
is an opening for me when I go into a different dimension.
In Bosnia the search continues for a missing Japanese student,
so we just found out today that Kyosuke is missing.
Probably so.
In other words,
We have each other
And I believe we have the power
I thought I'd find you here.
But you like this place. Is there any particular reason?
Well, it's...
Kyosuke...
Recorded at 5:39 PM.
I saw your buddy today.
You and Madoka are both adults,
Why don't we stop talking about this?
Unfortunately, Ms. Hiyama is not in her room.
Oh no, what are you doing?
Hikaru...
Well?
Oh no, are you saying you lost a chance?
Well...
We just met accidentally on the street, so...
I still love Kasuga-sempai.
I... I'm not apologizing.
I just feel very strongly
Well, Kyosuke, please bring my Kyosuke back to me
Kyosuke Number 1?
she will have more trouble when she gets older.
Ayukawa...
Well, I mean...
Hey, Kyosuke!
Ayukawa was held tightly by a guy who was bigger than me,
The summer vacation season will begin soon.
and I decided I was going to see the end.
I think she would! If she did, you'd be in big trouble.
Kyosuke, you have to do one thing after you go back to the past.
But I clearly remember THAT time.
Well, you'll see when you get back. You'll see.
It was the best!
Yes, it's a lie.
At that moment, I remembered when I started to call her Madoka.
For your first congratulatory gift, Mr. Kasuga.
The light.
Aoi sora tsuduite-ku, natsu no sakamichi
Summer's Beginning
They looked like they were troubled by something.
Watch out for the car. Be careful.
Me? I'm you. I'm Kyosuke Kasuga.
This much?
Sure it is.
worth the same as the best award given by Kelly Toyama.
You're so brave.
Of course.
Because of her character probably,
Madoka... Madoka, you're not fair.
Where am I? What is this place?
Kyosuke! Kyosuke!
Kyosuke!
What's going on?
That's right.
and his soul was thrown to another place in the time dimension.
Grandpa!
Oh, well, anyway,
Power from Kyosuke in that time?
In New York?
Damn, I sounded like an idiot.
Audition for a musical?
No, no, no! Don't say that. I just participated in the audition.
"You can't get a lead part in a dance just like that."
But I thought it might be good for me to come to Tokyo
I was staying at her place, but she is also one of the participants.
Why do you ask?
Oh, no...
I thought I should tell her all of it, and ask her about that period of time.
However, even though I was thinking about her like that,
The other song you wrote was a perfect match for that TV drama.
I don't think it's necessary to understand.
I don't want to be around a woman who's always chasing
But even though I wanted to be, I wasn't happy,
In Bosnia the search continues for a missing Japanese student,
But Kasuga was...
and he was thrown to a different place in the time dimension.
Don't worry.
Entry number fifty-nine, Hikaru Hiyama, New York Actors' Studio.
And I belive we have the power
I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Red straw hat...
You made a mistake, didn't you?
I know you've always liked these stairs.
See!
Welcome...
Excuse me, Kasuga...
Oh no, well...
Her companion?
Water...
You want water? Sure, I'll bring it for you.
Kasuga, water!
Ayukawa...
Are you awake, Kasuga? Good morning!
Hikaru...
then what are you going to do?
Don't worry.
Well...
I've really wanted to see you, Hikaru.
Don't you believe it, Madoka?
Hikaru...
You have a lofty ideal, don't you?
Hikari no shizuku, futari no kami o nurasu
Kokoro dake ga totemo chikaku ni aru
Don't be afraid
Do your best, Brother!
Kyosuke!
Kyosuke, continue!
Hey, Ayukawa...
she will have more trouble when she gets older.
Well, it's about time for bed.
All right then!
You can sleep on that sofa, can't you?
Don't worry, it doesn't matter, Shuri.
Ayukawa was held tightly by a guy who was bigger than me,
Sorry to keep you waiting, Kyosuke, but I've been waiting for you too.
Let's see, I went there by chance.
Madoka? I could do it without her knowledge.
Well, I wonder when?
You don't remember?
Has Kyosuke from three years ago gone back?
See, there you go again. When you went to Bosnia, you said "nothing".
"Madoka was so worried about you. What the hell were you doing?"
Geez...
Excuse me, but you look so perfect in that mini-skirt.
What are you talking about? You left me behind for several months.
What?
It's safe without it tonight.
I can't believe you, Kasuga.
I just wondered. I can't believe your reaction, pervert!
Are you sick?
No, not, not that. How can I say it...
It's difficult to explain but, I feel so...
Of course, you know, your identity and your feelings
I could cry because I love you too much, Ayukawa!
I love you and I really, really want you like this!
Kimochi ga niteru to omou
Te o nobase ba ii, Yonde mire ba ii, I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU
That's when it all began...
Michiyuki Honma
Scenerio
Character Design
Music Director
Kichiro Yamazaki
...has been replaced tonight...
...by a sense of worry.
Maybe you haven't noticed, but the gold prize for this competition is very valuable.
The present I prefer from Ayukawa...
Hey, hey, Ayukawa...
Okay then...
A little back, I got an unexpected phone call from Hokkaido.
Still too sweet?
She also apologized for not even saying a goodbye because of the sudden move.
If it's for senpai, I can do anything!
DON'T IGNORE ME!!
Right, right...
What? A car?
Operation in Progress
B-But... What about Kasuga-kun right here?
Did you do it'' with Kyosuke yet?
If he can get the power from him, he can come back here.
I didn't know what was going on.
I was only thinking about how I could get back to my time.
I began to wonder what had happened to me in this time.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
What?! New York?!
Hello, Shuri... Did you get a hotel room yet?
Why didn't you tell me before you came back?
Now that I think about it, Hikaru-chan is older than me.
That's great...
I just wanted to try out for auditions.
I haven't gotten a part yet.
Wow, he told you that in English, right?
Well yeah, but...
I have to go...
I can't ask her such things.
K-Komatsu...
I...
Right next to Ayukawa's car, there was a car which I had never seen 3 years ago.
I... I want to see the truth...
I don't have to know.
It's like there is a hidden memory within it.
You still have that playboy attitude!
...but the only person who can help you is I, Hiyakawa Mitsuru.
Leave!!
...but this stairway was the dimensional gateway for me to return to the future.
Y-Yeah... You mean that Kyosuke is in this time?
...and cannot come back.
If we combine the power of Kyosuke from 3 years ago...
H-Hot!
The moon sure is beautiful tonight...
...but I feel to be scared sleeping...
This lovin' I have for you, it's never change.
I counted from the beginning.
When I counted, there were only 99.
Maybe you miscounted...
We are going to the apartment where he use to live.
Yes, you have...
No way!
Close friend?
If you don't want to answer that question I asked earlier, you don't have to.
Well... Yeah...
Um, hello?
I see...
Hikaru is together with some guy.
You want water?
Where...
Miss...
Hikaru-chan?!
Good morning...
What's wrong?
Hey, Kasuga-senpai...
Eh?!
Ayukawa,'' was what you said.
Why didn't you come to me right away?!
We just met on the street.
But...
Okay...
Hikaru...
Eh?
It's not that they're high...
Me?
Don't forget that you are younger than us.
...are only 19!
A-Ayukawa...
Kyosuke...
Focus on it...
Grandfather...
If I worry too much when I am young, as a grandma, they say it's big trouble.''
Well, let's go to sleep now.
Well, er... I mean...
Maybe yes, for the future, too.
Kyosuke...
Summer vacation will start soon...
Yeah...
I'm sure I could've done it.
Do you think she'll find out?
...where we all suffered.
Hey, Kyosuke from 3 years ago...
Yes, I got it.
But I do remember that time...
You know, THAT time...
Hey, hey!
All right, let's begin!
Hey, Kyosuke from 3 years ago...
I lied...
Geez!
I mind though...
Hey, Ayukawa, you didn't wipe your body well.
I've done this since I was young.
No, no... You have to dry well.
Is something wrong?
I didn't know I was this primitive.
Mitsuru C3Yasunori Masumoto
I love you!
With open wings, let's take off towards the morning light...
Subtitled By Fans For Fans C3NOT FOR SALE OR RENT
Presented by Karinkuru Anime
...and my 19 year old self...
It was the first time we crossed the line from being friends to lovers.
It was the first time...
Kasuga Kyosuke, 19 years old...
This is Kasuga...
What are you talking about? Who are you?
That stupid guy! I was having a good dream about Ayukawa!
That much?
So, Hikaru-chan is doing well...
But, then came a time...
Please, please look at me.
I wasn't ignoring you...
Kyosuke!
Kyosuke!!
What's going on?
I... I thought I was hit by a car?
...because of the shock of the accident.
Yeah... But only with special powers that our family has.
As long as he meets his other self before this body dies, it'll be okay.
Summer
It hasn't even been 3 years since I've moved here!
It was sold to that old man.
Hikaru-chan?
I'm so happy to meet you at a place like this.
At a time like this? I'm having a dramatic reunion with senpai.
I'm so glad!
My friend over there just informed me.
I just wanted to try out for auditions.
You cannot get a major character role with such a dance.''
But, he also told me...
Hikaru-chan, where are you staying?
Yeah, me too...
This time I was going to tell her everything and ask about this time period, but...
I always used to talk about it with Madoka-san.
Well, er... That's not true...
Hatta...
I...
I don't have to know.
I love you from my heart...
Kyosuke...
Anyway, I hadn't disappeared just yet...
I wanted to run to Ayukawa's place as soon as possible.
Kasuga-senpai is...
Hi! Aloha Madoka-chan!
Kyosuke's grandfather?
I'm sorry about that...
What a difference in physique. It's no wonder we lost the war.
More than likely...
But don't worry...
The moon sure is beautiful tonight...
...but I feel to be scared sleeping...
This lovin' I have for you, it's never changin'.
It won't be like that.
This is where we first met.
Eh! No way!
When I counted, there were only 99.
Well, see...
Can I ask you a personal question?
Well, anyway...
Room number 1205...
Hikaru-chan seemed to be used to this kind of thing.
It was then that I had a strange feeling about her...
It was then I accidentally saw the number on Hikaru-chan's pager.
What can I say, your dancing is very unique?
I'll be like you...
No way!
Entry number 59, Hiyama Hikaru...
Gentleman?
So this is Hikaru-chan's room?
The taxi you requested is here...
Madoka-san, the angel you sent me...
Madoka-san, I'll send you a real letter someday.
Hikaru...
Well, er...
We just met on the street.
You can't believe it, can you Madoka-san?
Yes?
You've become more mature.
I'm not there just yet?
...but you cannot see it because it is a scalding afternoon.
I wish this time would continue forever...
All right, let's get started Kyosuke!
Concentrate on the power!
So, if he stays there long enough, he may lose the will to return to his real world.
Grandfather...
Grandfather!
But I... This is the first time for me...
I thought you wanted to see your ex-boyfriend.
Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
No, no... It's nothing...
Hurry up, he's already passed the gates.
I've been waiting for you.
I'm sure I could've done it.
I would've definitely DONE IT.
Madoka?
I'm sure I could hide it from her.
Madoka's, Hikaru-chan's and my summer...
It's your fault!
Kyosuke, when you return to the past, there's something you must do.
That's it!
I see...
Yes, I got it.
But I do remember that time...
You know, THAT time...
Geez, not again...
I know, I know...
I mind though...
Sorry...
What?
It was sex...
Well, here is my celebration present to Kasuga-kun, part one.
I, Ayukawa Madoka, have written this song for you tonight, my brave Kasuga-kun.
Hey, hey...
You're still wet...
No, no... I won't.
Hey, Kasuga-kun...
But...
It's safe tonight.
A...Ayukawa...
...carassing the wind, quietly ripples my shirt.
It was bIown awayby the wind.
Cant be. When I counted, there were onIy 99 steps.
How did you know ?
On top ofthat, the Iast time was on the first day of PE cIass.
Oh yeah, that was it...
Hey, Dad ! Do you reaIIy think its time to do this ?! Kurumi just...
In pubIic, right ?
Did we havea hat Iike this ?
Thats yours ?!
Hey, wheres Jingoro ?
Umao !
It Iooks good on you !
Thanks...
If its nothing,then get to cIass !
But, changing schooIs seven times...? Are you going for a record ?
Thats Ayukawa.
You got a big mouth, dont ya ? Come with us, for your sake.
You !
Let go !
Cut it out, Hikaru.
Youre Ayukawa, right ? Were in the same cIass !
Ayukawa Madoka ?
It is her, isnt it ? I thought it was...
Madoka.
WiII you heIp me ?
Im aIways thinking I shouIdnt use the Power,
Its okay.
...and I dont want to move from this city, I think.
You arent scoring Ayukawa ?
But then...
This is hard.
One shot and wecan make a comeback !
If I make it...If I make it, then...
...the dream might not be just a dream.
I couIdve scored and no one wouId have known.
No, I mean food,the food !
That scum.Hes after my Iunch !
CVTF0 Teachers Office
right ?Ifyou assume that, I feeI sorry for her !
What is it ?
If I reached out,I might be abIe to touch your red Iips.
Get up !!
Isnt there another one ?
I thought so !
Thats right...
Why does she have to dance with a guy Iike that.
A date ?!
AIright, Iucky !
Ayukawa !
What ?!
What are you doing here ?
Excuse me, one morecombination pizza !
Do you come here often ?
Ayukawa...
Date with Hikaru ?
Ifyou smoke now, you wont be abIe to have heaIthy kids !
I ended up catching a coId and couIdnt sIeep at aII.
No, I have to apoIogize
for writing the nasty note on the message board.
Hi !
MANAMI !
Theyre so nosy...
...and on top ofthat, in the middIe ofthe night Iike this.
Hey, you havent heard what I have to say yet.
Being aIone with her, I started to see Hikaru as a girI.
...and that was aII.
Its a misunderstanding !
Wait a sec.
Are you okay ?
So strong...
At that moment,
...isnt acting Iike a man.
When I was IittIe...
You bitch !
Over here !
Just a sec !
Here you go.
Dad, we Iove you !
You dont want to go ?
Theres nothing wrong with me.
HeIIo, Ayukawa ?
but aII we did was drink some tea and taIk.
Shes my type.
Shes just a girI after aII.
Thats not the way to taIk to a girI Iooking forward to a Iong weekend.
Last night ?!
A dinner at a hoteI was sort of a payment in advance.
But Ayukawa and I sharing a secret...
CouId I have some water !
Thank you very much.
Whats wrong, Kasuga ?
PIease, excuse me.
But the weekend was over so quickIy and...
Is that because youwere with Madoka ?
This is the first time Ive seen her Iike this.
Kasuga, youre such agood boy, arent you ?
That hurt.
Im back !
Where ?
Brother, when are you going to get up ?! Brother !
When are you going to get up ?
Its aIready that time ?
Can I stay at your pIace tonight ?
But it stiII surprised me, sort of a doubIe shock.
This was the test your teacher gave when I was in 7th grade.
So, thats how you do it, Manami.
Ayukawa, I didnt know you studied for the test, too.
You seem reIaxed.The test is pretty tough, you know.
Thank you.
These are just basic questions.
ReaIIy ?
Kasuga ?
PIaying with peopIes hearts !
III give it to you Iater.
I hate to teII you this, but...
What is it ?
But by 4,III be working at the Abcb.
Baths ?!
Why shouId I hideanything from you ?
Hes finaIIy recognizing that hes the eIdest son ofthe Kasuga famiIy.
Hes reaIIy in Iove.
I thought so, hes in Iove with Ayukawa.
At Iast... finaIIy done.
Yes, Madoka.
Kasuga ?
Can I see the menu ?
I dont mind ifits IittIe expensive.
You might Iook bad if Hikaru finds out Ive been tutoring you,
Maybe I was a IittIe too sweet.
Jingoro, dont move !
Kurumi !
Like this room.
Can I stay atyour pIace tonight ?
Master had a probIem, so its cIosed today.
Madoka, Iong time no see.
BOY, Madoka wiII teachyou Iots offun things.
ReaIIy. She knowsIots offun things.
Wait !
There you go, the usuaI.
What ?Im not a kid !
WiII you straighten up ?
Im sorry.
No, its not okay. I dont beIieve what everyone eIse says.
WeII...About Iast night...
What ?
Thats okay, isnt it ?
Tried to...?What do you mean ?
Back then, she sIapped me.
That ?What is it ?!
Im home.
the photographer that was supposed to take this job
didnt want a scandaI and asked for a change of photographers.
WeII, I owedthe guy a favor.
WeII, yes...There was one that I thought might be good.
The professionaI modeIswere reaIIy shocking, and...
Whats this ?
Dont Iet Hikaru enterthe worId of showbiz !
Now !
Oops.
You had no choice, right ?
ModeI, eh ?
CouId it be ?
...artisticaIIy speaking.
You think so ?
Hikaru !
Hikaru !
What a pain. If I didnt have anything to do, Id heIp you, but...
Dont worry aboutyour sisters !
Im not Iettingyou get away !
Anyway, I want youto be the modeI !
It sure is.
Dont ! There are toomany cars outside !
Cant do it.
we couIdve known it wouId cause so much troubIe.
You think so ?
Damn, girIs areaIways Iike this.
Say, Madoka, whatabout this one ?
Ifyou dont have a big chest, youII be miserabIe.
DarIing, pIease ?
someone said a man with sungIasses took her away.
Sub, dont !
It might be dangerousto go aIone. III go too !
Yeah. They werewaIking around there.
Whats the Lovers Forest ?
It used to be an ordinary park...
I dont think this is a pIacefor kids Iike you two.
...IoveIy.
Okay, better try this one out.
Sure.
Lets see. Pizza toast, katsu-sand, and potato saIad, and pineappIe juice !
No.
ShouIdnt we Iook whereits more crowded ?
A reaIIy great pIace.
But its getting more Iike it.
No, its okay.I cant cause you anymore troubIe.
You dont watch that, you do it.
Didnt that sound Iike Kurumi ?
and surprised at this strange turn of events. Anyway...
Yusaku got hurt.She wants you there.
Good bye. Im... Im so gIad I couId be with you, DarIing.
Excuse me.
But that was sucha bad dream that I feIt...
I feeI so sad that
Ayukawa.
But I cant beIieve you want to join the katsu-sand war.
At times Iike this, Ayukawa is impossibIe to handIe.
How dare you steaI Kurumis baII ?!!
Cut it out !!
Sorry.
I see. Thats why...
I see...
Yeah... no... weII...
Hes here.
Hurry up.Isnt it done yet ?
Thanks.
UntiI a whiIe ago,I thought Id die.
The sicknesses nowadaysmove around, you know ?
Getting so dizzy...
I see...
lt may be hard to believe...
lt started while l was helping out at the Abcb.
What's the matter ?You aren't yourself.
Got it. Bye.
Don't ! STOP !
What is it ?
That means,in a year, Ayukawa...
l won't letthis marriage happen.
Telepathy. Telepathy. Telepathy.
Hey, Kasuga. Kasuga !
Senpai !Let's eat lunch !Today, l have some of my best cooking !
Wait a sec !
Even Hikaru knowsabout the wedding.
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Take it out !Take it out !
ls that okay ?
Wasn't there somethingyou wanted to do ?
You reminded me of something.
There was always...
l never thought it was a rehearsal for a wedding.
Looks like l jumped to conclusions about everything.
Well, it's like this, Hikaru...
lfthe day ever comes...
Ayukawas parents are worId-famous vioIinists.
Besides, dont we wantto hoId a good-bye party ?
...94
OnIy two days.
I dont want to...No way.
...make a mosaic pattern in the bIue wind.
Yusaku, what happenedto your cIothes ?
This and that.
I see, Yusaku.
that doesnt mean you can get too cIose to her !
What is this ? How can you study at a time Iike this ?
That day, Ayukawa didnteven gIance at me.
Oh, come on. Its my speciaI Iunch. Let me treat you.
PIease have a seat,Lady Madoka.
Yes, tomorrow, and the day after, and the next day after, and then...
...and then...
About Kasuga.
Ayukawa !
I never even thoughtabout going to America.
Yeah, I just wantedto get you guys.
Its a Iong-awaitedSunday, with sunny skies.
A perfect dayfor a date.
They dont have to share
On that worstof Sundays...
Measurements ? Hobbies ?
You bad kid.
But I wonder whyHikaru changed ?
Umao !
And pIease take mymeIon bread. Two ofthem.
Maybe its that...
AII right, III taIk !Let go !
Someone I Iike, eh ?
WouId you Iike tohave Iunch with me ?
There, thats why.
Grow up,innocent 7th grader.
Youve known Hikaru for aIong time, right ?
Nothing.Im so happy !
Thank you very much.
Whats this ?A costume contest ?
Say, dont you want to dress up as weII ?
Oh, hes so cute !
Looks Iike it.
Im Ieaving !
You are not the onIy one.
Right then, I had no way of knowing what Yusaku was doing.
Ayukawa was wearing something Iike that, so...
III knock it off.
It doesnt mean anything
Besides, its reaIIy tiring.
...I think its better that shes cute again.
And besides...
No.Its very cute.
Madokas Iike aprofessionaI wrestIer !
Whatre you taIking about ?!
Thats my Dad !
Just one thing.Dont use the Power.
Okay !
Hang on, DarIing.
Are you okay ?
But it seems Iike its going to rain, Iike in that dream.
Cute !
Were you thinkingsomething dirty ?
I said your buttis too high !
Boys are aIways Iike Tom Sawyer. FiIIed with curiosity.
He onIy remembered the basic patterns, so I tried to stop him, but...
Dont underestimate the strengthofthe karate cIub.
Oh, DarIing !Good, youre awake !
PIease. There you go.
WiII you be quiet ?!
Its embarrassing !
Dont worry about anything. Be near him and youII be okay.
Uh oh ! Thats Hinoof the Karate CIub !
Kurumi ?!
Ouch !
Im cut.
No.
So I have to heIp.
Something is definiteIy strange.
Hatta, Iets go.
So concerned...
Heres the 1 modeI !
WiII you stop saying those perverted things, Komatsu ?
Strange.
STRANGE !
Its something I cantmake a decision on so easiIy.
we were through with exams and waiting for summer vacation to start.
Dad !I did it !
No, Iets not !
Was it onthe photo ?
Hey.
But ?
I had no choicebut to Iie.
Maybe shes...
But were taIkingabout UFOs !
Ifthats a Iie... !
Right.
But how can weteII the truth ?!
What is it, Kasuga ?!
Whats with him ?
Its just that thinking what I saw with you was just a haIIucination...
I...
FinaIIy, the Iong-awaited summer vacation is here !
Ayukawa ?
Fine.
See you !
Do I Iook
Do I Iook aII right
Hikaru in a swimsuit was more than Id ever imagined !
DarIing, Iets go in for a swim !
Oh shoot.
Eh ? Brother.
WeII... that is....
Oh, youre here, too ?
Lets see.Thiss the pIace.
No, er...
Great.
WiII you cut it out,Komatsu ?
Where have you been ?
Lets caII it a day.
Fireworks festivaI ?
AII right !
I see.
...with a T-shirt on,
...as ifto escape from my kiss.
But why do they
Of aII days, on Sunday ?
Oh, youre here, too ?
...your tears as they faII into the sky.
Thanks.
A giant wave comes from beyond the horizon.
So everybody goes home, and thats why they have discount coupons.
But there are toomany mountain pictures.
I toId you notto use the Power !
Say, Papa...
Just a minute !
...they tried to run away, on the beach. But...
she got when she threw herseIf from the cIiff.
S...stop that stupid stuff, Hikaru.
Yeah.
Thats siIIy.
I dont know iftheres a connection,
Oh, its just a bat.
We were so young.
Im not sure.
NeedIess to say, in this kind of situation, I have to protect her.
But her weighton me feIt so good.
Kasuga !
But, even Madoka...
Her boyfriend wiIIprotect me, for her.
Ayukawa !
I thought I wouIdnt make it, but aII of a sudden...
Anyway, I managed to protect the woman most precious to me.
Yusaku was obviousIy trying to show offfor Hikaru.
Youre right !
In the end...
Good.
I cant see anybody around.
Hey ! Dont do that, Ayukawa !
This is the beachwhere we started.
Hikaru !
Into the shining sea...
The boat is gone !
I used up aII my energy to get to the isIand and cant use the Power.
Oh yeah !
This is caIIedan indirect kiss.
About that...
It was the first time Id ever said anything Iike that.
What did you expect from me ? I used to be ''bad !
III just heIpmyseIfto one.
What the...
Looks Iike therere nocute girIs in ''B cIass.
...foIIowed by abeautifuI camp-fire.
III be aIone, away from DarIing and Madoka.
Have you seen DarIing ?
Yeah, and reIax a bit.
No, thats not it.
One, two !
One two...
YouII be beautifuI.
No, I dont want to !No !
My heart is at ease when ImIooking at beautifuI peopIe.
DONT !!
Good, thatII do !
Swim ! Swim !
Kasugas asIeep, worn out...
Whos there ?
Dont think youresomething speciaI !
Lets drink aII night.
But the high schooI and coIIege students are using aII the courts.
PIease ? Just for today,stay with me.
But she reaIIy...
WeII...
No, we havent.Right, Hatta ?
A thunderstorm.
Nothing...
I toId you not to bring him. You shouIdnt have smuggIed him in.
Were done for ! Oh no !
What happened to DarIing ?
Let me go. DarIing...
I dont thinkjunior high schooI students shouId do such things.
I wouId do such a thing.
And Ive made up my mind.
PIease.
Say, whats wrong ?
Im so ashamed.
We came in here to getout ofthe rain.
Im going to havean operation in a week.
WeII do thisagain next year.
How are you doing ?
Im writing thisIetter from my bed.
Root 2AB AH ofA is...
WeIcome.
Instead of her...Instead of her...
Lets go.
What in the worIdhappened to Ayukawa ?
Thats not what I meant...
Okay.
Who caIIed ?
It was brotherand his friends.
That...
...an aduIt reIationship.
This is terribIe.TerribIe.
DarIing, how crueI ofyou to have found out about her.
Are we reaIIy going in here ?
I see.
Ayukawa in a band ?
...and our singer, Yukari.
...to your heart, I wouIdthrow words Iike pebbIes
Finding out how much I Iove you is painfuI.
''You are everything to me.
''Broken heart to dream
What is it ? Are you hidingsomething with that Iaugh ?
Oh no, my bra !
WiII you hurry up ?!
Yusaku ?
I recommend Komatsu ! His persistence is unbeIievabIe !
Ifwe run and win, everyone is going to...
What are you taIkingabout, you big baby ?
I must win at any cost.
...there may be toomany peopIe around.
Kasuga !
I was thinking of usingthis beautifuI restroom.
But isnt this the Ladies ?
Fight ! Fight ! Fight !
I wonder who she is...
Yeah, thats right, Kurumi !
Way to go !
That stubborn IittIe...
Im sorry Ive beenso stubborn. I...
That is...
Geez.
Thats good.
You know, my coId is cured !
Dont run around,you might run into...
I aIways thought youhad a baby face, Kasuga.
Five years oId.
No matter what, I never suspected that
No !
WeII, he is a IittIe boy.
Was thatjust now...just now... ?
What I was thinking...
...have teIepathic powers and my ears werent going bad.
I tried to Ietthem be aIone.
Im thinking thingsinto my cousins mind.
What did she mean ?
Dont do that !
Nothing.
Kazuya has teIepathy ?
Yes, I am.
Remember, he is just a chiId.
Whats wrong ?
Can I teII you a secret ?
That brat...Where is he ?
He has a wiId imagination.
ReaIIy, hes aIwaysgetting me in troubIe.
Kazuya read my mind. He Iet me be aIone with Ayukawa.
I want to go somewheretogether, just you and me.
Brother.5 Kazuya.
Is it worth aII this troubIe ?
You know ? This morning,
I wish I couIdhave a strong wiII !
Are you going to waIk when youre aImost Iate for schooI ?
Whatre you taIking about ?!
Yusaku !
Isnt this whatscaIIed being young ?
Dont you agree, Madoka ?
I feeI Iike I might IoseDarIing if hes Iike that.
Then, whats thischange in you aII about ?
Stop joking around.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
S...Sorry.
What ?
What am I doing here ?
This seems tobe a new Power.
NO WAY !
Shut up. What...?!
Ouch.
Thats right.
K..Kazuya ?!
Take a deep breath ?
Lucky, Iucky !
Kids shouId pIay with kids.
You put ketchupin my penciI case !
WeII...
But... I dont have... any money.
Get Iost, kid !
Maybe Im not the one whos aIways with him.
Um...!
Cousin !
I dont care. Hurry !
What ?!
Its in your eyes.
Dammit !
I HATE YOU !
so its probabIy nothing major.
Thats right ! WeII come in reaIIy handy !
This Iight bruise wiII onIy take two weeks to heaI.
Geez, dumb, huh ?
Youre weIcome.
Oh, Senpai ?
Dont know. Sorry !
Why are youdressed up Iike that ?
Sure !
Ayukawa ?!
Yeah. I have to work there whiIe Master is away on his trip abroad.
Great !Now Iook this way !
Madoka, Ieave everything about the Abcb to us !
Damn it.
Ayukawa, dont worry about a thing
and concentrate on getting better, right ?
WeII, better start eating.
WeIcome !
Looks Iike its getting better, dont you think ?
...it might be forthe best, I think.
Tadah !
But todays Saturday, and itsonIy open in the morning.
SheII be fine.
Pretty sunset,isnt it ?
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
Dont give us any more troubIe.
Fine ! Were doing fine !
Hey, sweetheart ?!
But, I dont know about putting in five bottIes oftabasco.
my voice sounds Iike a frog squashed by a car.
HeIp, somebody !
Finish him off !
Theyre getting away !
Get them !
That IS DarIing !
That was cIose, wasnt it ?
At that moment, I feIt Iike Id seen this girI somewhere before.
This is good !
And ?
Where are they ?
DarIing !This is terribIe !
Dont go on theIoose too much !
Dont worry,therere three of us.
...wiII find you, mother.
No matter what.
This was the quickest way to put Kazuya to sIeep.
Jingoros not cute at aII !
Im sure...
I have to get myseIfready before that !
DarIing toId me thatstory about Jingoro.
But actuaIIy...ActuaIIy, its about me. Its me...
Its aIright.
Its a IittIe different from what Ive dreamed of.
Sorry to keepyou waiting, DarIing.
So, you foundher Iast night ?
I heard aboutit from Hikaru.
Kurumi and Manami are at schooI,
Being aIone...
So, Iets fight.
Its possibIe
ReaIIy ! So irresponsibIe, Ieaving his friends behind.
Madokas cat ?
Hey, Jingoro ! Whereve you been ?! I Iooked aII over for you !
Lets have some compensation for such a sneaky trick.
Hikaru, too ?!
...youre wrong !
Cheer up.
Were you hunting for Ieftovers ?
CouId it be thatyoure in Iove ?
Ayukawa in Iove ?
WeII...
And you know... ?
It couId never be you !
If its not Komatsu...
I see. Its him !
Its him !
Sorry, I didnt write a repIy.
Dont you think so, Kasuga ?
Hows this, brother ?
Which one do you think, Kurumi ?
Per...perfect, Manami.
VoiIa ! The house speciaI, deIuxe, uItra super-hamburger !
Its okay.
HeIp done !Eat it whiIe its hot !
I was so moved by that decIaration of Iove.
And...after the movie...
You know, Kurumi.
Senpai !
What is this ?
I had so much troubIebringing Kurumi aIong.
Sorry about today !
Ayukawa, are those from Yusaku ?
Maybe you accepted the roses because its okay with you ?
Oh no !Gangway, gangway !
Ayukawa, why dontyou say something ?
Others, eh ?
Wait. Whats wrong, DarIing ?
DarIing, couId it be...
I wonder why Yusaku changed his mind about Madoka ?
Hikaru, did you dosomething to Yusaku ?
DarIing, I mustve hurt Yusaku.
Its not funny !
to apoIogize about yesterday, and his mother toId me !
AII right.
It couIdnt be, Ayukawa... ?
He said in the Ietterhe might be a Ioser !
Ushiko.
Whats going on here ? Lets hear an expIanation !
HeII win, right Kasuga ?
But I know the feeIing.
She didnt knowhow hurt he was.
Go for it, Yusaku !
Ones birthday is supposed to be a once a year occasion, however...
I know !
Oh pIease dont hang up. Id Iike to drop by there in a minute.
Yeah, thats about it.
By the way...
What was I... ?
I hate you !
Kurumi, Manami !Have you seen Hikaru ?!
...and that saIes Iady Iooked so suspicious.
So I was...
Itjust ended up Iooking Iike that, but I didnt mean it !
You sound so confusing. Whatre you taIking about ?
Kurumi is aIways exaggerating.
Hikaru !You spiIIed the beans.
DarIing, todays aIso my birthday.
I mean your father.
Whats wrong ?
PIease go aheadwith the party !
Bye !
Whatre you doing ? No, I dont want to !
...thats nothing !
Neither Hikaru nor Ayukawa.
Thank you, Hikaru, for coming to the ceIebration.
Its...
I see.
Why dont you goand get back in ?
If I fire back...
With this many, I can find out everybodys hidden truths !
I havent toId anybody this yet, but Im terminaIIy iII.
SOMEBODY !IS ANYBODY AROUND ?!
Hikaru...III teII you the truth. My reaI feeIings...
No,its okay.I think I know your feeIings.
Then...
Youre so cute.
Im so miserabIe.Im reaIIy miserabIe.
Oh yeah !
I was justchopping some firewood.
No !I toId you my friendsare coming too, so...
Whatre you in such a hurry for ? Youre aIways in a rush.
About what ?
Wow, amazing, Yusaku !
But it must be reaIIy hard to cIimb that high a mountain.
Oh, I was thinking ofmassaging his shouIders.
Y...yes.
It was gettingto the best part.
So, that Iady wasntan ordinary human ?
so he didnt want her to be taken away!
Thats right.
Ifyou want tomarry my daughter...
Thats right. Wet cIothes wiII take away her body heat.
She heIped him.
What are you waiting for, Kasuga ?! Go for it whiIe we distract them.
WiII you hurry upand go heIp Hikaru ?!
You bastard !
Hikaru ! Whats next ?
But... ?
DarIing, you...
Ifthat happens,heII be in big troubIe !
Hikaru mightreaIIy do that !
''Ping !
Okay.
Wow !A great scene !
Right ! She wontget away with it !
I cant stand it !
Go get it !
Okay.
AII right ! AII right !
Cant see too weII.
N...Nothing.
Ayukawa, nude.
W...wait, Kasuga.Whatre you up to ?
I...want to take apicture ofAyukawa, nude.
So he wants to joke around. WeII see who cracks first !
Wait !He isnt himseIf.
What ?Comes out of...!
in a movie symboIizes the identity of girI gang Ieaders !
What do you mean ?
I saw it too !!''ESPer Mimi, right ?
In return, I wanna make ''GirI Gang PoIice Woman...
AII right !
Kasuga...!
Are you sure you want meto do this for reaI ?
Hey, are you serious ?
You can withyour psychic powers.
Oh, strange thingsabout my brother ?
Oh, hes onIy joking !OnIy joking !
ReaIIy ! My brother is Iike a kite without a string, you know ?
Oh ? Yeah. I get faciaI-muscIe twitches these days !
He never toIdhis dearest Hikaru ?
This scene is where thetraitor reaIizes his Iove...
Scene 16, start !
Hang on !III untie you !
Ifyou reaIIy Iove me,youd teII me about your pyschic powers.
Great ! And now you feeI Iike teIIing everything !
What ?!Push DarIing offthe roof ?!
Just a IittIe.
Wh...whats so funny ?
You arent gettingaway with this !
Cause its pretty farbetween home and here.
Oh no !
Brother !
He did it !
Listen up ! Thiss a reaI Iive shot ! No speciaI effects !
Now, heres the video of actuaI psychic powers in action !
What a useIessthing for them to do.
Director, the video got stuck, and isnt ejecting.
Whaddaya mean,get it out ?!
I shouIdnt have beIieved Komatsu ! Theres no way DarIing is an ESPer !
Seen any rats around ?
Right !Hey, this way !
I cant Ieaveit Iike this.
Its not your probIem.
CIass is starting !III get going !
I got mugged on my way back from cram schooI.
Isnt it ?
ReaIIy ?!
But...maybe ifits for Oryu...
Let me through, Hikaru !
Ayukawa, dont go.
Oh no.
Dont move.
Dont, Madoka.
Why dont you watch this quietIy with her?
Cant see a thing....
Come on, Oryu.This is a hospitaI.
You guys !
AII right !
III be there, no matter what ! Id better skip Iunch !
AII right !
Im so happy. Youre inviting me to the Christmas party, right ?
Thats whatI wanted to wear !
WiII you two...
Senior WeIfare HaII ?
Im Tamiko. Im Tamiko.
Ifyou say so.
That meansAyukawa was Iying.
Do you Iike Christmas...?
WiII you twoknock it off ?!
Youre reaIIy notgoing with Hikaru ?
Im reaIIy gIad mydream didnt come true.
No, er...
Are you trying to deny the beautifuI Iove between man and goIdfish ?
I never thought thingswouId turn out Iike this.
Wherefore art thou, Ushiko ?
Maam...
Thank you very much.
Grandpa !
WouId you Iikesome ozoni or otoso ?
But that was an incredibIe dream. CouId it have been a premonition ?
Kurumi, wiII youknock it off ?
Come on, were spending the new year
There he goes.
Then you were asIeeptiII now, DarIing ?!
Madoka is so whimsicaI,isnt she ?
Do you want me to go ?
How do you do it ?
Just kidding.
Come on, stop joking, Ayukawa !
Oh yeah, Ayukawa...I mean, Madoka !
Uh...nothing.
Ring the beII for the years end with me, tonight.
Yes.
Ta-dah !
III scrub your back.
Sure, youre right.Do that !
...visit the shrine.
Wait, Ayukawa !
Contact with targetin 120 seconds !
TAP GUN to AngeI Leader, contact in 90 seconds !
AII fighters, battIe stations !
Shoot missiIes into its sideand puII up at fuII throttIe !
It took eight missiIes andwasnt affected at aII ?!
WeII try again !
What is it doing here ?
Dont be so cocky,bounty hunter !
That is, for our Iove.
Look out !!
This monster ''G is thestrongest we have ever faced.
Were members of TAP GUN, we protect innocent citizens from monsters !
You found cute ones.Twins ?
No matter how hard they try, shes not saying yes.
No, were pIaying BIack Fighter ! BIack Fighter doesnt accept surrender !
No, I mean, Kyosuke, I know youre hiding something !
Whats wrong, maam ?
CoId dehydrated miIk ?
Going back into battIe, just Iike the good oI days.
Your weapons arent working,are they ?
Let the star handIe this, and enjoy the show !
You dont know aboutmy feeIings now,do you?
III give it my best shot from now on, Iike I used to...
ILL LOOK LIKE A FOOL !
SettIe down.
Im not gonna be satisfied if I dont end up with DarIing !
Sure, its been a whiIe since aII three of us went somewhere together !
Hikaru, whats wrong ?
Grandpa ?
My turn ?
Ayukawa is so pretty.
What were you doingaII of a sudden ?
What were you doing aII of a sudden, you dirty oId man !
Umao. Whereforeart thou, Umao ?
Excuse me.
So, using the watch,Ive managed to win.
Lets see, which girIshaII I bump into next ?
I wonder if Kyosukesdoing aII right.
Ayukawa.
Im trying to get changed, you know.
Kasuga. Quick, takeoffyour shorts !
Time didnt stop !
I messed up andspiIIed coffee on him.
Howre you doingwith that Madoka girI ?
Oh, reaIIy ?
Say, Kurumi, wouId youIike to kiss right here ?
Hikaru, couId it be that youre intentionaIIy aiming at me ?
Of course ! If I win...
If I can get this point,theres no Ayukawa kiss.
I wont make it !
Kasuga.
I wasnt honestwith myseIf.
Wake up !
PopuIar Madoka !Kyosuke FinaIIy Confesses!
I feeI Iike Don Gabacho.
Whats this ?!
Umao !
''Big sister !
Its so good to be young.
Sorry.
Hoshi Sumire.
Senpai, go teII her !
Kasuga !
No ! Its not Iike that ! This is a mistake !
We stormed in because we heard Sumire had invaded Ayukawas pIace...
Kasuga pushed medown aII of a sudden.
You !
Sumire, why dont yougive up and go home?
...so they Ieft for theirown worId, on a troIIey.
It was aII so sudden,I didnt reaIize it. But I knew something seemed strange.
Kasuga, what haveyou done now ?
WeII...
Hey ! Did you hear ?Ayukawas gonna teach Kasuga a Iesson !
Say, ''Youre my ideaI.
They seriousIyIove each other !
Kasuga, what were youtrying to say back there ?
But, where doesthis track go ?
Hey, Kazuya...
And you signed up for it ?
EspeciaIIy with everyone...with everyone, I thought itd be fun to form a rock band.
DarIing ! Ifwe do our best, Pikkarus wiII win for sure !
I understand.
Good night.
What ?
Sounds Iike a basebaII team.
Here.
Uh-oh.
Bye !
DarIing, where wereyou Iast night ?
What were you doing ?
...practicing thedrums aII night.
Something did happen, right ?
Let go of me.
Shu-chan was with her.
Im sorry.
I heard a sound.The sound of drums.
Lets go !
Then in returnfor your heIp...
That can waituntiI tomorrow.
Hey, Kazuya !Dont cause so much troubIe!
No way Im gonnaget caught that easiIy !
Ive got a promiseto keep with Ayukawa.
AII set to go.
Trying to hideyour embarrassment ?
Thanks. ReaIIy, for agreeing to do this on your day off.
You havent changed a bit.
You never paid me thosekind of compIiments before.
Panties ?
Umao.
No, I dont.
Ive been Iooking for you !
DarIing, who didyou get it from ?
Ayukawa...uh,I mean Madoka.
Lucky you, Kazuya. That chocoIate is hard to get.
I dont know whatyoure taIking about.
Hes so mean !
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my! I cant beIieve...no...!
But, thiss the firsttime Ive seen one !
Its nothing important.
Cousin ! Cousin !
Major troubIe ! Better get my body back and try to fix this !
Cousin.
ReaIIy DarIing. PIease just say, ''Im sorry about that.I wasnt myseIf.
So, I didnt get any chocoIate this year, after aII.
An exchange diary ?
What is it, Yusaku ?
I think Kumagoro...
It was so sudden.
Hikaru deserves this.
She Ieft fora worId far away.
Kyosuke...
I dont want to taIkto anybody right now.
...Kasuga Kyosuke, with whom the deceased was especiaIIy cIose.
Do it weII.
AII our stupid,boring jokes...
...this town is fiIIed withtoo many memories of Hikaru.
Kurumi, Manami...You two...!
Hikaru died, proving thatbeauty is short Iived...
T...the Abcb...!Why ?
Brighten up !
She sure is Hikaru. She doesnt even worry about being dead !
Im sorry !Im sorry, Hikaru !
III do anything, even usethe Power, to revive Hikaru !
Sort of...
Ushiko !
Ive been waiting for thismoment for aII these years !
Yusaku, just putthem in the river !
Senpai ! You came tosay goodbye too ?
...to mark this once ina Iifetime occasion!
You Iike Hikaru that much ?
God ?
You think so ?
What ?
Then, I... !
Madoka, I went intothe wrong room and...
Is she inthe bathroom ?
Yeah, the bath !
Fever ! Fever !
ReaIIy ?!
Is somebody in there ?
Not that.
Oh, its you, Jingoro ?
That wasnt you, was it ?
I know !
Hurry !
The voice from heaven !Then...!
I dont know !
In a reaI emergency, I can faII back on my Powers.
Where did DarIing go ?
No, you arent.
One more !
Damn !I messed up !
Whats goingto happen to us ?
No good.
Damn !
III go wash my face.
The angeI smiIed at me.At that moment, the worId disappeared...
Kasuga Kyosuke, in the middIe ofthe bIinding Iight and wind...
Kasuga. Kasuga.
''Thats why its caIIed a nap, right?
Whats wrong with you ?
It cant be !
No way...
AIright, aIright ! III buy you an ice cream !
Right.
Whats wrong, mister ?
Does Kasuga know ?
Damn, obnoxious kid. Go away, Im tired !I want to take a nap.
ActuaIIy, yes.
Sure. Sorry theyre hand-me-downs. I Iike them, but I cant fit them in my Iuggage.
Look out !
Listen Kyosuke, you shouId never get invoIved with anyone in the past.
ActuaIIy, yes.
Sure, then what isyour definition of a girI ?
A skirt ?
Yeah.
Im faIIing !
Yusaku, what is it ?
How am I supposed to know whats the matter ifyou keep on crying ?
I aIways thought this thing was a boy,but Iook how shes made up.
Mister, stay back !
This was a surprise.
Because of my presence, Ayukawa and the others future mustve changed drasticaIIy.
Which means that her futuremustve changed as weII.
Be carefuI onyour way home.
WeII, since Madoka is Ieaving for America, maybe my indecisive cousin finaIIy...
HeIIo !
W...what the...?!
Umao. And yours ?
I had to go to America...
What the heIIare you doing ?
You dont Iook famiIiar...
No ! Er... I...
Whats that ?
Yes, I Iove him !
Kasuga ?
Im so gIad youre safe.
III wait for you untiIyou come back from America.
He was my first Iove...
C'mere, you!
You're not from around here, are you?
Keep it! h
"The Kasuga Family: Takashi, Kyosuke, Manami Kurumi."
...my family is gifted with paranormal powers.
Huh?
Oh, no! It's almost dinner-time!
Umao...
That is the question!
Yeah, right!
Right!
Awesome!
Ciao!
Good morning, sensei!
Cool!
Oh, that's Ayukawa's seat.
If there's anything you need to know about 'em...
He's Hatta. Check this out...
Adowable!
Knock it off, why don't you?!
Cool!
Why you!
Damn you! Let go! Damn you!
What is it? Do you know her, Oniichan?
Madoka...
Hikaru, stand back!
Yeah, she did it! h
You'll be sorry!
Don't you dare come back! rWhiteStop that, Hikaru.
What's that got to do with anything?
I'm not exactly a model student either...
Shhh...
...you won't be able to have healthy babies!
Ta-da! That showed her, eh?
"What's that got to do with anything?"
...and makes you crazy about me.
...on that morning I'll be called your lover.
...or so someone once said.
...when I... with Hikaru, a freshman...
"Take me to Summer Side"
"Kyosuke... "
Madoka...
Hey, you! You've got to eat during your meal time, or else!
A...Ayukawa!
I've gotta be honest... Ayukawa is indeed cute!
What're you doing, if I may ask?
Wow!
Sugimoto, that was great!
Huh?
Oh!
But... But...
But... but, showing her the best of me by using the Power...
Oh? It's the brother of those bratty twins!
No doubt about it... He's...
G... Got what?
Kasuga! No, I mean, Kasuga, dear chum! Share my Cutlet Sandwich!
...I mean, their bento...
"Darling..." she said?! Why, you!
But... it's not like she's done anything really wrong.
M...Mr. Otsuka!
Mr. Otsuka...
My bag? You took the trouble to bring it to me?!
I... right in front of Ayukawa...
An encounter is like a highway junction...
And there's more! More good news!
You're so lame! Talk about old-fashioned!
Yo, Kasuga! Kasuga! Hey!
See, I knew he'd be mad at us!
Huh?
Did you... think it was something else?! It's only a rubber balloon!
Oh, no. Madoka came with me. See, over there.
Yeah! Okay, okay! Y'all are one happenin' bunch, boys and girls!
Well? Isn't the pizza great here?
It happened so suddenly...
This sucks! He promised to meet us here!
He promised...? What pro...?
Ahh! Feels nice!
Sheesh... How could Ayukawa be with such a bozo...?
Let's get going. I know a great joint.
Easy, easy! She's the kind that doesn't mean it when she says "no." Right?
I think you need a good butt-kicking to teach you a lesson.
Oh... Oh, no!
Komatsu! Hatta! Why aren't you eating? This is really great!
Yippee!
I've got 1,500 yen...
...but... in this case...
Huh?
I just remembered! I have to be running along.
"If you start to smoke at a young age...
What really happened was that, Hikaru came to visit me when I was sick...
"Take me to Summer Side"
...and, well... things happened...
...but that's no excuse for forgetting about my date with Hikaru.
I'm really sorry about that.
Not at all. I'm sorry I wrote such an awful thing on the bulletin board!
Hey, listen to this... Kasumi said she...
That explains it, she's been doing it with a guy!
...and ended up touching my hand... He's so pure at heart!
See ya!
How could I not like someone as cute as you?
I don't want you going inside.
Oh! Ayukawa!
See? You can walk! Let's go!
No way!
Please! It's all because Kurumi didn't explain it properly!
Just as a chair?
Well, you know... I had faith in your brother from the beginning!
There's no way that he could do something so depraved!
You'll feel great if you drink this.
What on earth is it?
Sure!
At that moment...
But, Ayukawa was right.
Say...
Look at this.
This pendant is packed with my memories of Madoka.
I can take you to a really awesome place!
Kasuga!
Love is deja vu; an unfamiliar memory. I feel our lips pressing together.
Love me... tenderly... Golden Summer Mirage...
A...Ayukawa was seen... with a middle-aged man...
"Night of Summer Side"
Asshole!
Hikaru!
What happened to you? You can talk to me.
It's a great idea! Jingoro can come with us too, right?
Jingoro!
Hokkaido?!
All right...
"...but we were only chatting and drinking coffee!"
"l hate listening to men and their excuses!"
Watch where you're looking!
Seeing Ayukawa out of her school uniform is... how can I put it...
N...no, it's nothing, really!
Sure...
...just between Ayukawa and me... That means...
Oh... if... if it's too small, then there's another one a size bigger, so...
Wow! This has gotta be a new joint!
I bet that's just what's going to happen!
They both left! Huh? What's wrong, Kasuga?
Are you okay?
Er... Well...
Roger!
This had to be the first time... that I got to see Ayukawa like this!
Maybe not...
How rotten...
What?!
But, boy... what was that all about...?
Kurumi!
C'mon! I didn't wanna have to pay to ship it!
H...E...L...P...!
...takin' you along, a girl I hardly knew, in my speedin' coupe.
Yeah, so?
"Cake?!" Sure, I'll go!
For language class...
...we'll only be tested on stuff up to Dazai Osamu's short story on pg. 28, right?
What are the kanji for "Dazai?"
Sheesh! Ayukawa thinks she's cool or something!
Ayukawa is the only one here who's not worried about the exams.
Well, I can't figure it out!
Howdy!
Hello! Is that a study guide?
What do you mean, "even" me?!
I decided to make you an iced coffee. We started serving it here today!
The bottom of the top third!
Oh? I wonder if that was the cat next door.
I suppose...
We still have five more minutes!
I get it! It's the wall socket!
I was just trying to make a joke!
Con-cen-tra-tion!
...it's not offering a choice, but...
I did notice a sweet scent when I was dancing with Hikaru...
But, this scent is... more sensual...
Kasuga Kyosuke, you toy with other people's feelings!
You can give them back to me after the exam.
Madoka, good luck to you too. See you!
I'm kinda in a hurry now, so... I'll see you later, okay?
Say, wanna go with me to the bookstore by the train station after school?
Say, Kasuga... are you hiding something from me?
Why should I be hiding anything from you, Ayukawa?
Exams should be taken without using special powers.
He didn't say he was studying for the exam, though.
"Yippee! Yippee!"
I mean, you've got to know your stuff if you're privately tutoring Hikaru!
He just told me... straight from the heart.
Kasuga, what are you gonna do?
Maybe they're out of order?
Oh, right...
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Yes, that's right, Madoka.
So, what is it? What was it that you want to talk to me about?
Care to explain to me the grade you got, Kasuga?!
...on that morning I'll be called your lover.
Oh! I forced Ayukawa to kiss me?!
...am living the best years of my youth!
Sayin' that you desire a caress over loneliness...
What do you mean "Cool?!"
'Cause, otherwise there's no point in coming here!
Geez!
Oh, yeah? But, I don't get it! What's so great about that weird girl?
I mean, she's hanging out with Ayukawa, when she's only a freshman!
Er... no! Not really.
...I know almost nothing about Ayukawa's past.
"Just for tonight... can you let me stay over?"
...I figured that I'd just hang out and kill time.
I was wondering, because I hadn't seen you for a while... Well, this explains it!
Knock it off!
How dare you be so rude?!
H...Hey, wait a sec!
D...Don't tell me... this is...
Oh! Look what time it is!
Why are you looking at me like that?
I'm not some kid who gets drunk after having 5 or 6 baby drinks, I tell you!
Golly, don't you remember anything, Oniichan?
It's amazing how you were able to get home by yourself though.
Er... About last night...
H...Hold on...
Why is that?
Well, everyone's watching, so...
Pretty cool, don't you think?
You know you did it on purpose!
Oh? Look what time it is! Where is Darling?! He's so late!
...but, it's not good to stew over things too much.
At a time like this...!
I...I almost ended up becoming a Cutlet-Sandwich!
I was waiting for you at ABCB!
At a time of crisis like this, this is what I'm doing...?
I... I...
Was it... because of the alcohol?!
Drinking alcohol isn't that great of a thing, it seems.
Ayukawa!
Darling? Where is it... The UFO, that is?
I'm... speechless!
I've fallen in love with you - that I realized...
I'm home!
Hmm! That's nice!
Oh, I'll get it.
Uh-huh...
The perfect compositions of Hatta once again prevail!
...somehow seemed like a lie to me.
What?!
Here?
P...Please don't laugh...
Want me to break a few of your teeth, so you can't ever laugh again?!
"'Cause, I've been discovered by a photographer!"
The truth is, I don't wanna ask you this, but...
"That's how I'd like to capture you, you see... as a 'newborn star'..."
Y...You're right! From what I hear, sleazy stuff happens sometimes!
H... Hikaru!
Haha! See, it all happened yesterday.
...get more and more exaggerated.
Oh man...
Oh, gee! Is she someone you know, Kyosuke?
Kyosuke, shall we get going?
Uh-huh...
I hope they'll be all right... Kurumi and Manami, that is.
To be honest, I never expected...
No kidding!
No...!
W... Wait a second!
No problem.
Er... Kyosuke?
Well? Could you ask her for me?
Don't panic just because Kurumi got kidnapped!
Now, that's a problem!
...three beating hearts...
Putting away winter clothes!
'Cuz! 'Cuz! I thought it'd finish the job quicker! Guess I goofed, huh?
Okay?
This one's nice too!
Say, Madoka? How about something like this?
Oh, no... Gee, you're mean!
The truth is that I'm afraid of the reverse...!
He looked like a sex-maniac, wore sunglasses...
Say what?! Who the hell are you?
What?!
Please, I apologize! I didn't know he was a friend of yours, Ayukawa.
Anyway, those guys have nothing better to do, so...
Oh! It's dangerous to go alone! So I'll go with you!
Oh, no... It's nothing.
The "Lovers' Forest?!"
...I guess this is the kind of a place that he meant.
...when really, you just wanted to come in here on a date?
"Lesson 1: In the Coffee Shop"
"Rather than sitting across a table from each other...
What the...!
What are you doing?
They're all...
Are you hurt?!
I... I didn't mean any harm!
What?! Hikaru's at the hospital?!
It had been a long, busy day, full of all sorts of events.
Love me... tenderly... Golden Summer Mirage...
...sayin' "Take me anywhere, Just go!"
"N... No, it can't be! You can't die!"
"Hikaru!"
Dummy!
Huh? Well... well, you kids got your mother's abilities, after all, so...
"Foreboding Dreams?!"
Geez...
Stay that way forever!
Oh, how daring! rGreenGo for it!
Good morning.
Huh? N... I didn't mean it like that...
Say, Darling... Join me for lunch today, won't you?
Oh! Hikaru!
H...Hey...
H...Hey...
"Girls' Locker Room"
Yup. And, my brother got really worried.
Th...That's mine! I'm buyin' it!
I laid my hand on it first!
To Hikaru's house! Hikaru had to leave school early!
Now, wait a second... Exactly what's going on?!
What are you saying?
And I was kind enough to let him know about her... Dammit!
You're the one who said that sandwiches aren't good for someone who's sick!
I don't mind, but... I had no idea that you were a decent cook!
I don't know if you'll like these, Sempai, since I didn't make them.
"Of course it's the truth!"
Huh?
There's a limit to how much one can take!
...but I wonder if this is a good idea?
Oh...
Hikaru! You've got to hang on! Hikaru!
Fine... if that's... if that's Hikaru's last wish...
H...Hikaru...
What?! Kurumi, you told her about it?! rGreenYup!
Someday... Someday... Please let my body feel your lips...
Someday, someday... I'll be waiting for that moment.
Ayukawa is a girl after all...
So what if she's wearing a ring or two? There's nothing odd about that.
...by the time the seaport was in sight...
...and so, you may find it hard to believe, but...
"Huh?"
Y...Yes, sir!
I think around there.
Maybe something's happened to Madoka since she's been absent... Sempai!
The truth is... I was gonna give Kurumi a concert ticket...
Kurumi! Would you go out with me?
...against gravity or friction, energy is used, and "work" is done.
Telepathy... Telepathy...
I called you last night, but you weren't there!
Oh, I see. Hey, would you care to join us for lunch?
...I... I...
Okay! Now, open up a little for the Li'l Quail Egg!
Really?
Yes... Let me see... around 5?
Yes... All right? We'll go to the ceremonial hall from there.
Sure. Then I'll see you later. If you'll excuse me now.
No good! I can't catch up!
She's busy with work, so she's not around the house often, you see.
And yet...
Actually, she was here yesterday to tell me about it.
I don't want Madoka to go!
"But, I counted them right."
I won't... I won't...
...make mosaic patterns in the sky.
I'm sure Hikaru will be heartbroken.
She wasn't her usual...
And, I too thought that... I too thought that...
Oui! Oui!
Wh... What's with all this?
Everyone, together like this, eating. Even tomorrow...
"Hard as it might be to believe, even I had a few love affairs before I got married."
I'm afraid so... We went to pick her up, but...
Eat this!
...and I'm too selfish.
I knew you'd be here.
Ever since that moment...
A...Ayukawa...
At any rate... Ayukawa's decision to stay...
Love is deja vu; an unfamiliar memory. I feel our lips pressing together.
An encounter is like a highway junction...
Everyone is Looking! Hikaru's Super Transformation.
Students don't need to do this kinda stuff, right, Kasuga?
...something sensational happened!
Good morning.
Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Okay! Pose for me, please!
H... Hey! Hey!
Ushiko! Wherefore art thou, Ushiko?
Hikaru, this Legendary Cutlet-Sandwich... represents my feelings for you!
Oh, really?
And, not just one! You get two! Cutesy-Cutesy!
"Of course!"
I still don't know... Why did they...?
So I... ended up asking Hikaru out.
Well, then, Madoka... I'll stop by your house later!
Well... you know.
Now, that's something you don't have to worry about, Madoka.
Oh! Madoka... you look so sexy!
Stop fingerpainting yourself, Kurumi!
Jingoro!
Say, Kyosuke, did something happen to Kurumi at school?
At last, I've made Darling ask me out!
...shall risk my life to protect you!
Hikaru!
Just as I feared!
"What?! Stimulated?! What kind of stimulation?!"
How hopeless... I am.
Hikaru, you stay out of this!
Just as I thought...
Apparently, she was putting lots of effort into it.
Hikaru...
Huh...?
I dream of casting a spell that captures your heart...
...sayin' "Take me anywhere, Just go!"
"Ayukawa! Ayukawa!"
At any rate... this was a bad day to have a bad dream.
Take that!
Oh... Ayukawa...!
Ladies, Miss Madoka has yet to be taken down even once!
Oh! Super! rGreenYou're awesome!
"Yup. She's got a sempai who's good at it. Hikaru told me so."
"...they'll realize how tough it is?!"
Er... No... Not really...
To be blunt, I looked absolutely uncool.
But... it seems like it's going to rain, as it did in the dream, so...
Liar! Liar! You bastard!
U... Uh-huh!
Here!
I was...
What?!
Oh, no! What I meant was...
What were you thinking? What?
I see...
Huh?!
"...there's no way you can withstand Madoka's Knee-Pat! Right?"
Madoka, something terrible has happened!
It's gonna be all right, Hikaru.
But... But... look what happened... to Darling's face!
"Right! Left! Right! Left!"
A... Ayukawa...
M, A, N, A, M, I... Manami!
DIE!
FIGHT!
Uh-huh!
K...Kurumi! Manami! Get out of the ring RIGHT NOW!
Who the heck are you?!
Er... I'm the legal guardian of those two! Yes, ma'am...
Now, now... here you go... Please, sir!
Really? Say, Papa, are you still opposed to us doing it?
But, Ayukawa lied, saying that she had to work at ABCB.
...three beating hearts...
...played gentle melodies.
Oh! That hurts!
What?!
So?! I'm letting you use my bag, y'know!
It's WRONG! Right, Oniichan?
It's not wrong! Right, Oniichan?
As Dad's exhibition opens tomorrow...
Hmpft! rGreenHmpft!
I felt like I'd failed... as their brother... and as the first-born son.
You're putting me on the spot!
If that's the case, what should I do?
What happened? You guys are usually so close!
Me three!
Er... Yes.
Gosh, that's all there is to it?!
Is there a problem?!
You gotta watch out, okay?!
"See!"
"I wa..."
Bye! See ya tomorrow!
...I felt that something... something was keeping me away from her.
Master, what is it about?
In such a tiny shop as this?!
There you have it. I promised to help out here.
Hatta, let's sweat!
Huh?
Gimme a break!
Madoka's picture looks wonderful too!
Which do you prefer... the photo, or the real thing?
I bet you're all hungry. Let me treat you to a meal!
W... What's wrong?
Weird! Weird!
Gimme that!
This way, please... Huh?!
Er... It's me, Kasuga...
Er... W... Well, that's, er...
I... I mean...
Love me... tenderly... Golden Summer Mirage...
...it's really incredible!
Thank you so much, Tanjiro.
I was hoping we could do it together.
What's with that all of a sudden?
I was putting Rokuta down for a nap, or he'd make a scene when you leave.
We don't have an easy life,
It's not like it always stays sunny,
and it's not like it ever snows endlessly.
the smell of blood.
Do you have enough charcoal?
Hey, Tanjiro!
Tanjiro!
Jeez, it's late already.
I'll put you up for the night.
Takeo...
How did this happen?
Oh no!
However, she no longer has Nezuko's scent.
I'm so sorry I couldn't save you.
Nezuko!
but still...
I'm going to turn Nezuko back into a human!
Please don't do it!
But don't think that a demon would respect your will or wishes!
That's reality!
Was that your way of protecting her?
If only I'd gotten here a half-day sooner,
Where's his hatchet?
Because they're nutrient-rich.
but never let her be exposed to the sunlight, okay?
Big bro!
You're going to town again today?
Sh-Shut up!
I told you to cut it out!
Big brother!
You might catch a cold!
Thanks for fixing the sliding doors the other day.
Oh man, perfect timing! I actually like this
I told you it wasn't me!
I've got a good nose, so I'll be fine.
Come on. Get back here.
That's why you shouldn't stroll around at night.
What happened here?
Rokuta...
As such, I will behead your sister as well.
I'll hunt down the one who slaughtered my family!
Please!
But don't think the demons will listen to your hopes or wishes.
You fool!
Go see an old man named Urokodaki Sakonji who lives at the foot of Mt. Sagiri.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
Nezuko?
She's gone!
Nezuko...
Can you fit inside?
I want to keep moving during the day as well.
Come.
This mountain path is pretty rough! Someone's probably hurt!
If you step into my territory,
you're gonna regret it!
I'm Urokodaki Sakonji.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I guess we'll have to buy you a new one.
The test starts now.
Yes?
Their origin and first appearance are unknown.
The only ways to kill them is with sunlight or by beheading them with a special sword.
Im a mentor.
There are as many mentors as there are stars in the sky,
To join the Demon Slayers,
Whether or not you may participate in the Final Selection is up to me.
Thats right.
Right! Like this?
I have nothing more to teach you.
Shut up!
A man shouldnt whine. Its unseemly.
No matter what hardships you meet, bear it in silence...
Youve learned nothing.
Bring it on!
Show me what youre really capable of!
That was an amazing strike!
Not a single bit of wasted motion.
youve finally started looking like a real man.
I couldnt have done it without Sabito and Makomo.
I heard thats because demons used to make fun of his face for looking too kind.
Remember this.
Ill come back no matter what, all right?
Dont worry about your sister.
blooms year-round from halfway down the mountain.
To pass the Final Selection you will need to survive here for seven days.Swapped sentence around and their speech pattern is not one where you should use abbreviations
Hey, Sabito...
You know that well yourself, dont you?
Inside this wisteria prison, Ive eaten at least fifty of you brats.
All of his disciples wear them.
Calm down, Tanjirou.
I wonder how hell feel when another kid doesnt come home again.
I really do.
Either way, theres one irrefutable fact.
I heard he was brought here after he got slapped by his master for refusing to take the selection exam.
All of his disciples wear them.
Welcome back.
Mizunoe.
And our swords?
and possess supernatural abilities. Changed spells again, thats just obviously questionable. This sentence could be phrased better. Also Uroko didnt come up with that name at least not clearly fro mthe sentence
I think that Nezukos not like the other demons.
Im the one that forged it.
Wow, is that right?
Mt. Youkou is bathed in sunlight all day long, you see. Changed yoko into youkou as he says it. Also means Sunlight so literally Mt. Sunshine
There he goes again, never listening to a single word of what others say...
See how your hair and eyes are a reddish color?
Is that so? I had no idea.
Please calm down!
Im thirty-seven!
It can talk?
Make your way to a town to the northwest!
Kamado Tanjirou, prepare yourself well for this task!
This will be your first assignment as a Demon Slayer!
Id like to explain a few things to you.
Its that strong?
The color varies from owner to owner, and each hue has their unique properties.
So little, in fact, that
So little is known that... What, Master Urokodaki?
I dont know how well Ill do as a Demon Slayer,
I coated it with rock lacquer to reinforce its exterior and to make it even more durable.
Nezuko, are you all right?
Nezuko...
Mr. Kazumi!
I want you to believe me.
Fuck off, will ya?!
Shes already sixteen, yknow?
Return Satoko to me. The one you abducted the night before last!
Nezuko...
Thanks!
But isnt it cramped in there?
Getting hard to breathe, brat?
You cant move about freely like you would above ground! Serves you right!
I cant tell you!
The bleedings stopped, too.
Come on, just give me a minute! Hold on! What?
Next time, Episode Eight: The Fragrance of Bewitching Blood!
Its all right.Dont worry.
Im only going to speak with the police.
Daddy, come home soon, okay?
And youre as pale as a ghost.You and your pale face...
You son of abastard!
Does it seem like I dont have long to live?Do I look like Im not long for this world?
As you wish.
All right, listen!Now, listen to me! Heres the deal...
Good!Okay!
R-Right.
Come again!Thanks for your business!
Just take a good look at those features!
Theres a house behind the dead end!
Welcome back.
Sorry about leaving them to you.Im sorry that I left you to take care of things just now.
My name is Tamayo.
Curse? A-AlteredT-Tweaked your body?
Now then, allow me to continue.
I adjusted our bodies so that we no longer need to feed upon humans to survive.can live without devouring humans.
Youre right.
Two...
Im not trying to create more demons.
And in those cases,
One, permission to study your sisters blood.
I understand that she was asleep for two straight years,
Im the one theyre after!
All right.
The greater our numbers, the more traces well leave,
which increases the odds of Kibutsuji discovering us!
Its unforgivable!
You should be honored!
Now then, lets keep playing!
Until you die!
Im going to bring your head to our lord!She uses the same type of term as Yushirou does for Tamayo. So maybe do something more polite than him. 
then theyre undeniably more formidable than any other demon youve slain up to this point!
Im just kidding!
Ill never forgive you for that!
Shell make great souvenir!
Yahaba!
Nezuko...
Its still not enough yet!
Look at her.
This time, Im going all-out against you!
Shut up, shut up!
Theres no one stronger than him!
Not Lord Kibutsuji!
farewell.
They cant inflict fatal wounds to each other.
The Twelve Blood Moons have numbers engraved onto their eyeballs,
I hope this blood will be instrumental in developing the healing serum.
Youre on your own now!
And Yushirou and I are demons.
Nezuko!
In that case, I wish you long-lasting good fortune in battle.
Yes, I will pay you!
Can you fit?
You won't get me twice!
Oh, but wait! He's a demon, so...
Growing arms from his head!
That head of his...
Okay!
This isn't the scent that was lingering in my house.
To crush his skull and smash it completely,
This kid isn't going to cut it.
He has empathy for even a demon.
I can't go to you, so you come to me!
Nezuko...
But that must never happen no matter what. And you'd best not forget.
That's the one thing that must never happen. Ever!
I'll make sure to take care of your sister for you.
My legs are starting to buckle!
I'm starting to feel dizzy, too.
He thinks I might get lost in this thick fog.
And besides, this mountain...
The air's thin here!
No!
I gotta make it back!
I realize that this is a self-serving request,
Giyu Tomioka.
Please!
Please! Please! Please!
Listen up! Im going to die soon!
The old geezer who took it over for me was a cultivator!
Now that Ive calmed down, Im getting hungry.
Dont you have any food on you?
Youre not eating, Tanjirou?
Thanks!
Was it distressed? The sparrow?
You can understand what hes saying?
I can smell blood.
house!
Stay with me!
Made it outside.
Am I still gonna die?
is this man your...
Zenitsu, lets go!
Really?
Dont go breaking any bones on me, you hear?!
No good!
And Zenitsu is gonna protect your brother.
Dont worry!
Teruko.
Are you trying to run away by yourself?
Clinging onto a younger person... Dont you feel pathetic?
Those words cut so deep.
Youre kidding me, kidding me, kidding me!
Its a monster!
Curses, curses!
Im with the Demon Slayers.
Die on the battlefield and serve as my springboard!
It was obvious that she wasnt into you!
Infuriating!
What do you think youre doing, stepping on a little kid like that?
It feels like my heart missed a beat!
Stop that!
Nooooo!
Thats just not possible!
Zenit
Die!
Zenitsu!
Zenitsu...
Thunderclap and Flash!
What the hell? I cant take this anymore!
Third Fang!
If I can just consume some...
You cant eat any more?
Im Kamado Tanjirou.
Tengu?
A-And then,
he dropped a drum!
Rareblood!
Cut it out!
Listen to me, Teruko.
As soon as I leave the room, strike that drum and move out.
You can do it, right?
Even if Im broken...
or any time in the future!
Say, Zenitsu...
You think so too?!
I was getting the same feeling!
Kyougai!
Im going to get my hands on some rareblood jet: is an ellipsis needed here?
You dont even step outside anymore these days.
Boy...
It was amazing.
Youre the one whos going to deliver this to Miss Tamayo, huh?
Now youre all set.
Your writing is just so boring.
No beauty, no fragility, no impact to speak of.
The drum vanished, so we panicked.
Is your leg okay?
My head is starting to spin.
Demon Slayers?
Then I shouldnt have to tell you!
This is Tanjirous
I...
You can just back off!
You wont draw your blade even after all that bravado, you dumbass?
If you wont get out of my way,
Your big brothers gonna kick some butt!
Move it!
My bad.
Pretty amazing, arent I? jet: there's a pause in the audio here, and having this stacked looks ugly imo, just have the one line, the framecut matches the audio pause anyway, so it feels like two separate lines
calm down a bit!
What the hell?
What the hell are you staring at my face for?
Because I head-butted the hell out of him.
Okay.
Please dont leave me behind!
Its Kamado Tanjirou!
Lets eat this thing.
Yes.
Hey, youd better apologize.
Just how great are the Demon Slayers anyway?
Now that you mention it, why did you join the Demon Slayers, Inosuke?
So thats why you joined the Demon Slayers?
Just how kind you are.
Its the middle of the night, Zenitsu!
Someone please protect me!
Even youll do, Inosuke!
I... Listen, I...
I didnt give it my all just so you could spend time in la-la land, making out with a girl!
Zenitsu, calm down!
Yes, sir!
But this is my natural hair color.
Its also forbidden to hold bread in your mouth!
Zenitsu! Stop following her already!
How does tempura for dinner sound?
Its a purification ceremony because were going on a dangerous mission!
Always live your lives with great pride.
Luck in battle?
I guess it means that you know your place
Wait up!
Zenitsu? Whats wrong?
I told you, hes creepy.
Hold up!
Are you all right?
They were attached to me, too!
It made me freeze a little.
Inosuke...
As far as pointlessness goes, your existence itself has no point at all!
Did you forget that I have seniority?
Impossible.
Dont bring a young girl into danger!
There it is again.
and the next thing I knew, everyone started killing each other!
Inosuke!
I hear you, all right?
Nezuko!
Im picking up a powerful aura from over there!
Way to go, Inosuke!
Dammit! Ill punch his lights out if its the last thing I do!
Dont come any closer.
Please!
So, please! Not your father!
I wont be alive for much longer anyway...
Hold
Theyre all such useless puppets!
Wild Boar...
Im sorry for everything, okay?
Chuntarou?
I detected that thing before you did!
Lets work together so we can take down this demon!
Youre in my way!
Way to go! You defeated it, Inosuke!
So thats what this is about, huh, Inosuke?
Stop it! No! No!
Be careful.
Anago Kanjirou!
Did you defeat them?
But anyway, how are you feeling?
And the sound of spiders rustling around is so creepy!
then I promise to give it all I have!
What are you talking about?
By the time the long hand has gone around once,
Here, youll begin to experience intense pain.
Theres no need to be afraid.
I can see that you want an extra dose of venom to transform even faster.
You wont die! Not from this level of training!
Come down from there, you little moron!
But I love you, Gramps!
Just leave me alone for a minute!
Thunder Breathing!
Refine it! Polish it to its utmost limit! Refine it, polish it all the way to the utmost limit!
You strike and strike and strike to get rid of impurities and anything you dont need,
You laggard...
I am not wounded at all!
Stay away!
But its my natural color...
We were informed that several rookie Mizunoto had joined the battle,
Lets go.
Whats going on?
Dont dieget killed before I get back!
Thats one of the Twelve Blood Moons!
Second Form!
This isnt some show, you know.
Wh-What are you doing?
Say it, will you?
Its reallyactually pretty simple.
You idiot piece of shit! How high did you climb up?
Oh, I get it!
Untie me right now!Untie these ropes right now!
Theres a theory that states that the reason you see such images right before dying one sees such images just before death
Had you not done that, youd have become a spiderling ages ago.
Well?
Please let me redeem myself!
Boy...
Ill just kill you then.More matter of fact? Ill just kill you and get her
Nezuko!
Ill just leave her to hang like that until daybreak
Youre making too much noise.Youre so loud.
Theres aI use a special breathing technique.
I know you can do it, Nezuko.
No one will ever sever Alternative: "The bond between us"
the bond will never be severed
Thanks to that, I was able to cut through that demons neck!
Thanks, Nezuko. This isnt the time to bask in memories, huh?
Nezuko!
I wonder why youre not on fireburning up.
I dont know if thats your sisters power,
Now I can carve you up with no regrets.
You did a good job holding out until I got here.
One more time!
he gets special permission to do this kind of thing.
Now then, time for the finishing touches.
Were only playing house.
Ill do better, Rui!
Ive had enough of this.
Im being forced to do this!
Lets be friends!
Youve devoured at least eighty humans, havent you?
Its not that Im angry.
What a pity!
Oh! Pardon me!
Nezuko.
Being a Demon Slayer isnt just about swinging a sword, you know.
and no one knows how its done except for me and my swordsmith!
Such a toxic way of putting it!
Flesh is restored after being hacked off,
They can only be killed by sunlight or by decapitation with a special sword.
Starting today, I'm going to keep a journal for Nezuko.
He may really want to kill me!
I made my descent today, sword in hand,
but the sword really hampered my movement.
Swords break easily.
And he added, "If you ever damage the blade, in other words, break it,
I'll keep working hard, okay?
He flings me away to roll on the ground every time.
I'm home, Nezuko.
Total Concentration Breathing?
Next, he told me to become one with the water.
Get in there!
My descents are getting more dangerous,
Time and time again, I think I might die.
something you slice?
After that, Mr. Urokodaki never taught me anything again.
There's no scent. A fox mask?
I'm training.
without even taking a stance?
He's sliced that boulder?
And the breathing technique, too?
Pound it into the marrow of your bones!
I'm trying!
I'm trying every single day!
I just can't go any further!
making you as strong as a demon while staying human.
When you bring lots of air into your blood,
RUSTLE RUSTLE
I can't thank them enough.
Rui!
Rui...
No matter where you go, well be with you.
Im sorry!
those who regretted their actions,
Youre...
Chances are, theyll all pull through.
Little boy!
Y-Youre mistaken!
I shall use a gentle toxin to kill her, so she wont suffer, all right?
Take your sister and run.
But what youre doing is against the rules.
Just what are your intentions here?
Are you perhaps still angry that I pointed out how people dont like you?
Message! Message!
and brought back to headquarters!
All right, take him into custody.
Oh hey, this is a mask! Hes a human!
Come on, you! Come on!
Youre in the presence of the Hashira!
Flesh is restored after being hacked off,
you must survive the Final Selection process held on Mt. Fujikasane.
Even so...
the traps are getting more and more difficult.
I made my descent today, sword in hand,
Mr. Urokodaki is bare-handed and unarmed.
This will enhance your body's natural healing power,
Wrong!
Wrong!
but he found nothing wrong.
Not a day goes by that I don't worry.
A year after I arrived at Mt. Sagiri,
Something you can slice with a sword?
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
Come on. Come at me.
Total Concentration Breathing.
And the breathing technique, too?
With everything I've got!
If you call yourself a man!
Show me what you're capable of!
Not a single bit of wasted motion!
I want to become like that! You think I can become like him?
Who are you?
See, Total Concentration Breathing accelerates your blood circulation
Not until six months later.
After six months, finally,
The battle was over in an instant.
Sabito smiled.
I couldn't have done it without Sabito and Makomo.
I'll work harder to turn Nezuko back into a human!
This is the Demon Slayers' headquarters.
EPISODE 22: MASTER OF THE MANSION
We're within our rights to deal with him on our own!
I'll show you the most flamboyant bloodspray you'll ever see.
The poor soul...
Nezuko, where are you?
Don't you have anything to say, Tomioka?
Tanjiro Kamado...
Although I respect you with all my heart, that's an incomprehensible notion, Master!
I oppose it with everything I've got!
If you want to die, then rot to death for all I care!
In that case...
Did you battle him?
The sheer ugliness of a demon!
Nezuko!
Yeah! The sound it made was flamboyant!
Well, I want everyone to eat their fill on New Year's,
I'm going with you!
Since he can't use the cart today,
That's a good girl.
Okay, I'll be heading out now.
There, there.
Hey, you shut up!
Be safe, okay?
Big Brother!
And everyone follows you wherever you go.
Well now, Tanjirou-chan!
Do you have enough charcoal?
I'm glad they're sold out, though.
Are you gonna go back to the mountain?
Hey, Saburo ojii-san,
Then, everyone would get eaten up by the demons.
Shigeru...
Nezuko hasn't killed anyone!
That's probably the one who killed my family!
Just now, you were about to be devoured.
You're wrong!
Go see an old man named Urokodaki Sakonji who lives at the foot of Mt. Sagiri.
but that basket's full of holes.
But I'm still paying you!
Do you think you can do the opposite? Get smaller?
I'll make you pay!
Are you humans?
You can't finish him off with that.
Get over here! Dammit!
I'm Urokodaki Sakonji.
That's the one thing that must never happen. Ever!
passed the test?
I never expected to see arms grow from his head.
I want oden!
your veins will burst.
What do you think you're doing, Tomioka?
Tanjiro...
let's start by defeating a Twelve Kizuki, all right?
So, Tanjiro, mind your manners when you speak.
As you wish.
All right, then! Take them away please!
Uh, do you mind?
- Uh... - We were ordered by Master Kocho!
Please come this way.
Five times?
And I have to keep taking this medicine for three months?
Listen, are they really gonna heal? Tell me how they're gonna get healed!
I almost got turned into a spider.
My arms and legs are really short right now.
Hey, you're right!
I don't have all the details,
He's depressed now, so it's made him gentle, and it really cracks me up!
Why are you cackling in that creepy way all of a sudden?
What do you all think?
You'd think they could at least tell if someone's competent or not.
the harder it becomes to control and unify them.
Still, considering that boy ran into a Twelve Kizuki so soon after joining the Corps...
Even we rarely get the chance to confront one! It makes me envious!
It's really quite frustrating.
But those demons are still freely devouring humans, gaining strength and surviving.
For the sake of those who have died, there is only one thing for us to do.
Some demons can shape-shift. Others have otherworldly powers.
This will enhance your body's natural healing power,
Next! Forms!
Like this?
if you're a man.
That's not what you call a man.
I'm training.
More!
That causes your body temperature to spike,
The important thing is to expand your lung capacity.
How can I do that?
After six months, finally,
I could never imagine I'd be able to cut a boulder like that.
I'll work harder to turn Nezuko back into a human!
I didn't want to see children die anymore.
- To the Demon Slayers Corps Final Selection. - To the Demon Slayers Corps Final Selection.
- And now, be on your way. - And now, be on your way.
That's my prey, you know!
Those two...
Urokodaki might as well have killed them himself!
I really do.
His neck is so tough after all.
Hold my hand, will you?
Take your hand off her!
I wonder what kinds of swordsmen they'll become.
Nezuko!
The demons who use a special spell called the "Blood Demon Technique"
Even so, Tanjirou, I'm sure you'll be fine.
No, I don't think so.
Now that's what I call lucky.
It's black, huh?
Have you finished changing?
black blades are said to be wielded by swordsmen who'll never go far.
All right, I'll be going now.
Hold on. Do you mind?
Nezuko?
If you don't mind, I'd like to hear your story.
You may not believe me.
I believe you, all right!
I want you to believe me.
I want you to stay indoors for the time being.
The demon's at large!
Who was that?
Kazumi-san,
There are gonna be nights like this.
Why would a mere human be accompanying a demon?
It didn't break even after all those kicks from the inside.
Next, Episode 7, "Kibutsuji Muzan"!
I'm going underground!
I want you to protect those two!
On top of that, the darkness coiling around your body must feel pretty heavy.
It's a horrible smell!
So, we killed them for their own good!
Nezuko!
She stopped bleeding, too.
I promise to turn you back into a human again!
Take this.
I'm sorry!
Uh, let's go that way, Nezuko!
Mother!
I bet you'd look great in an outfit like that!
Yutaka from the udon shop was born and raised in Asakusa.
EPISODE 8: BEWITCHING FRAGRANCE OF BLOOD
Bring some restraints please!
Now, get in.
All right. You be a good girl now.
Aniki, let's hit one more bar!
Is my face pale?
Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong.
What do you think will happen if you receive a massive amount of my blood?
As you wish.
It might be because of this muzzle!
There's a house behind the dead end!
Get over here!
That boy is Yushiro.
but what I do is buy blood
You're right.
It's generally held that no one but Kibutsuji can reproduce demons.
That's more or less accurate.
And one's carrying some kind of big box.
but surely, that, too...
Yushiro's hobby is to write in his Tamayo-sama journal.
TO BE CONTINUED
You were right, Yahaba!
We found them right away thanks to my temari, so who cares?
You're so uptight.
Your kimono isn't the least bit dirty.
Yushiro-san!
Ta...
I know you're well aware of that yourself!
It's unforgivable!
They serve directly under Kibutsuji!
If you look at the arrows, you can tell which direction they're going!
I'm the one you want to take on!
I'm just kidding!
You get rid of that arrow man first!
I'm counting on you.
Nezuko...
Those temari-and-arrow combination attacks are giving me so much trouble!
Next, Episode 10, "Together Forever."
Let's fight together!
Without devouring human blood...
Shut up, shut up!
Did she just die?
but this demon doesn't have one.
I don't want to leave Tamayo-sama's side!
Why, you!
Thank you...
Nezuko-san!
We must conceal our whereabouts soon or the risk will be too great.
We'll be leaving after we erase all traces of ourselves.
Right!
Tanjirou!
I heard you!
Please marry me!
You're all that I have!
I see! Gotcha!
And don't go making trouble for your sparrow, either!
I will. Thank you very much!
During my next job!
What was your reason for becoming a swordsman, Zenitsu?
It was so bad that I thought I'd be better off dead!
You sure?
I wonder what's wrong.
Please tell me.
No. No, it's not.
This is...
Am I gonna die?
Our brother's wearing a persimmon-colored kimono.
Even if something happens, you two will be protected.
If you've got fractures, you can't possibly protect me!
Is that right? Teruko? That's a fine name you have
Are you trying to escape all by yourself?
What are you wearing that sword on your hip for anyway?
Those words cut so deep.
so I'm gonna call a grownup here, okay?
Hey! You!
Pig assault!
Die on the battlefield and serve as my springboard!
Here goes...
I think that girl you forcibly pulled away from me loves me after all.
Stop launching those reckless assaults!
Knock it off! There's a demon right there, you know!
Damn insects!
Excuse me, Zenitsu-san.
That's just not possible!
Zenitsu-san! Get up!
Zenitsu!
All of a sudden, it's dead!
I shall be eternally grateful to you for this!
What are you talking about?
It's been like this for the last three days, dammit!
No, a hundred humans' worth...
Is that all you've got?
No, I can still...
Kiyoshi-niichan!
I'm Kamado Tanjirou.
Now then, show my your wounds.
Onii-chan...
My master gave it to me!
Tengu?
Do you think you can you tell me what happened here?
A monster dragged me away,
For demons, rare blood is a feast!
It's all right.
I'll call out your names when I open the door.
Good for you!
I'm heading out.
Are you heading into battle?
Is that you, Kocho?
We're losing rank and filers, too, now. We can't stand by and do nothing!
Well, I came this close to getting melted away, but I made it somehow.
Hey, your arm...
Don't come crying to me if your arms don't go back to normal!
I mean, if you take this medicine and get lots of sunlight, there'll be no lasting effects!
You gotta tell me about it!
Because I'll be joining you a little late starting tomorrow!
Now!
Excuse me. May I ask you something?
Each girl has two boobs, one behind and two thighs!
I shall take you on.
I won the battle but lost the war!
You're all so kind!
Whenever she trained Lady Kanao,
That's a neat training technique, huh?
Don't you feel lonely all by yourself?
Why did you bring us all here?
every time I hear those cries of despair,
Even when she was on the brink of death, she still felt pity for them.
I have to keep trying to come up with it.
Tanjiro, please do all that you can.
I can rest easy now.
There's a disturbance in the mountain behind us.
Thank you so much!
Next, Episode 25, "Tsuguko, Kanao Tsuyuri."
I'm not gonna cave!
Answer me.
A cat?
Teruko!
You did a good job hanging in there.
Is your leg okay?
You cowardly weakling!
...itsu-san! Zenitsu-san!
I fell right onto my head, didn't I?
he was the first to rush up the mountain,
A hotheaded person!
Get out of the way!
Then I shouldn't have to tell you!
Something precious to Tanjirou!
Hey, hey, come on!
By listening closely,
Take this!
Ouch! Ouch! Ouch! I forgot about my broken bones!
Oh, so that's why?
My bad.
Cut it out! Don't do stuff like that!
Huh? A girl? Huh? Your face!
What characters do you use to spell that?
Spell? Spell...
What's wrong?
Are you okay, onii-chan?
Onii-chan, your head is so hard!
There are still people who were killed inside the house.
You can't do it because your wounds are hurting you.
Moving everyone who died outside that house,
Can't you see Shoichi-kun doesn't want to stay?
Please don't leave me behind!
Hey you!
Come in.
Your bedding.
It really hurt, you know.
What's up with that?
so we competed to see who was stronger, and I seized his sword.
So that's why you joined the Demon Slayers Corps?
And hey, so you and I both grew up in the mountains, huh?
Tanjirou, no one else is asking, so I'm gonna ask myself.
That's too much thinking.
Just who do you think you are?
and you've been on cloud nine the whole time, huh?
Zenitsu, calm down! What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
Don't ever underestimate the Corps!
You shall feel my wrath!
Yes, sir!
I'm Hasibira Inosuke!
Button your shirt.
WISTERIA
Let's be friends, Tanjirou!
Nezuko!
These are pleasant to the touch and quite comfortable.
Your next mission is north-northeast!
I guess it means that you know your place
Zenitsu? What's wrong?
Something must've happened!
You can follow me, shivering.
What a pain!
and I felt encouraged.
Why didn't they send a Pillar?
Lucky you, you don't have a care in the world.
You don't understand a thing about humans, do you?
But you're a sparrow, and you're so vicious!
There it is again.
They're being manipulated by something!
They're alive!
The spiders are just gonna stick more puppet strings onto them!
We gotta find the demon who's controlling them!
Murata-san!
Inosuke, you...
Damn you!
The five of us are going to live in bliss as a family.
"That's because my favorite food is ukogi rice."
There has to be a way!
Murata-san?
Understood! We appreciate this!
Mother...
You can win, right?
Run!
Please deliver the finishing blow!
You really need to shut up!
Nezuko-chan...
Chuuntarou?
Okay. I'm gonna do it one more time, so make sure you watch!
I detected that thing before you did!
That thing...
Inosuke, step on me!
What did you say?
I do remember your damn name, Kamaboko Gonpachirou!
Wrong.
Amado Janjirou!
But anyway, Inosuke, how are you feeling?
Don't go showering me with your sensitivity and kindness!
my head will be harder than yours!
Where did they go?
And it stinks around here, too! Stinks!
I'm sure these spiders are doing their best to survive, too, but still!
That's a spider with a human face!
I don't like guys like you, all right?
It's poison.
In another 30 minutes,
When it's here, you'll also feel dizzy and nauseous!
Huh! I can see that you want an extra dose of poison to turn into a spider faster.
Just leave me alone for a minute!
Are you going down the mountain?
Tales of a Demon Slayer Academy!
Agreed.
I beg of you! Please stop!
if you have a strong bond between you,
Not only that, but those who have a strong bond give off the scent of trust!
Don't do it! Stop!
Slashed you!
Hey you!
If you take back what you said just now,
I won't take it back!
I'll sniff it out for sure!
So, there you are!
I'm not gonna die!
What, you don't see me here? Look at me, dammit!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! What do you say to that?
If I can do that...
Wait, you! Come back here!
Hey! Hey!
Do you still refuse to take back what you just said?
Yet, she stays by his side.
None of you ever managed to fulfill the roles you were given.
Your sister...
That's okay, I guess. I'll just kill you and then take her.
I don't like that look in your eyes.
you think you're going to beat me?
Let her go!
Nezuko's gone!
Let her go!
Next, Episode 20, "Pretend Family"!
Did I actually... defeat one of the Twelve Demon Moons?
The bond between Nezuko and me...
But that was what saved me!
Poor kid.
Did your pathetic delusion bring you joy?
I cut off my head myself with my own threads...
A demon?
All right, it's over for you!
Starting today,
I'm so sorry!
What should we do?
A demon!
Yes!
or slash your stomach to rip out your organs.
I shall torture you.
your sins will be forgiven.
Next, Episode 21, "Against Corps Rules."
Father...
They're not hideous monsters at all!
They're tragic creatures!
Are you just being spiteful?
I have a message from headquarters!
Look. His jawbone seems to be broken, doesn't it?
but that's one drab-looking dude, huh?
why don't you explain the crime you've comm
Hey!
Nezuko...
Nezuko, where are you?
Murata-san!
Forget that. What will we do with Tomioka?
You are aware of that, aren't you?
It contains a painkiller, so it will make you feel better.
It's not as if your wounds are healed, so you mustn't push yourself.
While I was away, my family was attacked by a demon,
and when I got home, they were all dead!
Is that the moron Slayer who has a demon with him?
Shinazugawa-san, please don't act out of line.
Stop it!
I fervently pray for your continued good fortune.
A Demon Slayer traveling with a demon is unacceptable!
I shall read you an abridged version.
...Urokodaki Sakonji and Tomioka Giyuu will atone by committing seppuku."
Though his purpose may simply be to silence him,
Just show us your true colors,
Yeah! The sound it made was flamboyant!
What is this, a free-for-all?
I see none of you have changed.
TO BE CONTINUED
Very well!
This time, for sure!
I'll give them another nudge later!
Zenitsu! Inosuke!
Thanks, all of you!
Now I realize that we're a total lost cause.
Wait, did you just say, "Yes, you are"?
I guess there's no way out of it.
By continuing to do Total Concentration Breathing every second of the day,
Let's just go ahead and try it!
Yahoo!
How have you been?
You bastard! Are you flaunting it?
After all, Master Tanjiro was really giving it his all!
Yeah!
Yes. All that's left for you now is actual combat.
Now then, please excuse me!
I gotta bring down the strongest demons that I can,
Thanks, Nezuko. You just encouraged me, didn't you?
Kamado-kun?
and despite his flaunting of his bloody arm in her face,
And it will give more weight to your words.
Yes, sir.
So, Tanjirou, mind your manners when you speak.
One more thing. Sanemi...
-Tokitou-sama! - We beg your pardon!
- We got yelled at because of you! - I thought I'd pee my pants!
That would be, um...
Hey, somebody's forgotten how they got stomped on by Kanao-sama last night.
Permission to enter the mansion?
Uh, do you mind?
And who are you?
I mean it's really bitter! It's such an ordeal!
He's depressed now, so it's made him gentle, and it really cracks me up!
Thanks for protecting me on the mountain.
You'd think they could at least tell if someone's competent or not.
whenever Muzan wishes to hide something,
But those demons are still freely devouring humans, gaining strength and surviving.
Uzui Tengen.
Himejima Gyoumei.
It must be a miracle or something.
we Pillars need to be the glue that holds the Demon Slayer Corps together!
Are you mentally prepared for that, Sound Pillar?
Are you heading into battle?
You said you were going to add more Successors,
Nooooo!
I call favoritism! I call favoritism!
He's Murata-san. He fought with us on Mt. Natagumo.
And it was like hell! Those Pillars are way too terrifying!
Hello!
How is your recovery coming along?
but if your opponent blocks your cup before you can pick it up,
Last up, full-body training.
Come on, both of you.
Come on!
Come on, dammit! You lowlifes! You dirtbags!
When you play tag, you get to touch their whole freakin' bodies!
Right, you were raised in the mountains! No wonder you're a late bloomer!
Snap!
That guy has what it takes.
Now then, full-body training!
She blew into it to make the gourd explode.
Don't you feel lonely all by yourself?
Sniff, sniff! Are you angry?
Very well!
Tanjirou-san's doing a good job!
Okay!
I did ask them to come, but...
Thank you very much!
Now all you have to break is this huge gourd!
Gross!
You go like this to make your lungs expand!
You got this, Zenitsu!
Right now! Harder! Bam! That's it! You can do it, Zenitsu!
My opponent was insanely strong!
Since you're physically sound now,
you may take on your missions without any misgivings.
So, I'm done with my training?
What would that be?
Yes, yes.
Please forgive me.
but it does worry me if you don't open your eyes once in a while.
You sure are fast, Kanao!
Let's go for a run. Are you up to it?
Yeah.
Lower your heads and crouch down.
I'm talking about Lower Moon Five.
Please!
Oh no, that's not what I'm thinking!
I can still be of use to you!
I just...
To die by your hand in person.
it might very well be Tanjirou's destiny.
You're heading out now?
No need to thank me.
Money?
"Don't speak" was heads, and "Speak" was tails.
the voice in your heart is really tiny.
I flipped it too high!
HEADS
So, your heart can grow as strong as you want it to!
Yes!
Yes!
I had no idea you were putting your life on the line.
But you do feel a little sad that I'm leaving, don't you?
Wha...
We can't really walk around in broad daylight with our swords.
You can totally see them. Put on some clothes, idiot.
Hey! You three!
Yeah. It's fine.
Your record is now ten wins and ten losses.
A FEW MONTHS EARLIER
That is merely your starting point.
It's always been the demons in the Upper Ranks
Please show me mercy!
No!
it might very well be Tanjiro's destiny.
Good luck to you!
Thanks to you, we can go back into battle!
Hey, that doesn't matter.
All I did was follow the Master's orders.
There's no need for you to thank me.
It says "Heads" and "Tails," huh? Why did you flip it?
the voice in your heart is really tiny.
Yes.
Decide what?
Huh? Where did it go?
Shut up!
Take care, you guys!
Also, you shouldn't attack all of a sudden.
The police! Call the police!
Thanks to you, we went through hell, Inosuke! Say you're sorry!
We can't really walk around in broad daylight with our swords.
Zenitsu!
Man, it's fast!
I'd like to settle the score for these children
Forget that. Get over here, idiot!
Sure,
Dance!
I've never even heard the term "Hinokami Dance" before,
Flame Breathing has a long history.
Wind.
Young Mizoguchi!
No, thank you!
And from his scent, I can pick up his strong sense of justice.
I'm gonna run outside and race to see who's faster!
Thank you...
Rising Scorching Sun!
Please let me be reunited with my dead wife and daughter!
Sure thing.
Excuse me.
You have to calm down.
I'm all right.
Are you sure?
Falling deeper into sleep, deep in their dreams...
I-I'll just carry you on my back and jump right over the river!
Not even your toes will get wet, Nezuko!
Come over here! Look, I'll give you these sparkly acorns! C'mon!
So what if you've become a Hashira?
Was father pleased to hear your news?
I always fight with the utmost caution.
The dream world I show them isn't infinite.
What a strong survival instinct he has!
It's our lucky day, Rokuta! Rice crackers!
No fair!
She's not supposed to?
This is a dream!
Why are you always taking food away from Big Bro?
My uniform...
Big Bro?
If none of this had happened...
I never would've laid a hand on a sword!
If none of this had happened...
I can never go back!
Big Bro!
We can't be together anymore.
But I'll always be thinking of you, okay?
No matter what, my heart will always be with you!
Where the heck is his spiritual core?
Seriously, this is insane.
What are you doing in the realm of the subconscious?
I... - I don't know
I guess it doesn't matter, since they're buying me some time.
There's something...
You have to do it!
In other words...
Nezuko! Are you okay?
Zenitsu...
Rope...
I knew it. It's giving off a faint demon smell, too.
What can I do?
Is a demon controlling her?
What do you think you're doing?
He took advantage of their weak souls!
Sorry.
I understand.
Even though I was trying to destroy it?
Why would you...
What? You're awake?
You could've stayed asleep.
Tenth Form...
This brat...
my family!
It was way too easy.
He's not dying?
Are you getting it now? In other words...
as well as my hostages.
Nezuko!
Crazy Cutting!
I'll save every last one of you guys!
Glorify me!
It's gone this far already?
You can cut all you want, but I'll just keep regenerating.
Sixfold.
That sounded like thunder,
From one of the cars in the back?
What about Rengoku?
What was that?
will go look for the demon's head while keeping an eye on those three cars.
The demon's scent is getting stronger by the second! Hurry!
Up there?
Inosuke! Keep an eye on the three cars in the front!
That's right!
This is it, huh?
Get away from me! Shoo! Shoo!
Roger!
Waterfall Basin!
Let's go!
Just forget about that bastard!
I'm going to sever that bone...
If I die, that'll make him a murderer!
I don't want to let anyone die!
I'm...
Was anyone injured?
Because my minion asked me to!
Rengoku...
Did I lose? Am I going to die?
Ridiculous! I haven't been able to go all out!
Is this the power of a Hashira?
Oh, what a nightmare! What a nightmare!
You'll be able to do all kinds of things when you master breathing.
I'm Akaza.
Let me tell you why you can't enter the realm of the highest.
"Strength" isn't a word used to describe just the body.
You and I have different senses of value.
Die, Kyojuro...
and these breathtaking sword skills will be lost, too...
It happens to everyone!
Stay where you are!
Fight me forever and get stronger together with me.
You have what it takes to do that!
Magnificent! That's sensational!
You haven't reached your physical peak yet!
Blazing Universe!
Fourth Form...
Don't tell me...
Those impressive slashes you inflicted on me have already healed completely.
But there's no strength in my arms or legs.
That mental strength!
Ren...
I can't...
Beast Breathing, Fang One...
That's right, us flesh and blood humans!
Don't run away, you bastard!
He's stronger!
Yellow Boy...
I can't believe he's gone.
As soon as I master one thing,
I just can't make it there yet!
Rengoku!
Yuta...
Master, we should go.
For now, let's hide our swords on our backs. Oh no! The train's leaving!
Sorry! We're very sorry!
Thank you.
Oh no.
Delicious!
Um, excuse me...
What are you three doing here?
About my father...
But it's truly commendable that your father was able to adapt his kagura dance to battle.
In any given era, there's always been a Flame and Water swordsman among the Hashira.
Stone.
For real?
That's why I, a Hashira, am here.
May I...
He sliced off the demon's head with one blow.
D-Don't leave me behind!
Rising Scorching Sun!
Hang on until everything's ready to go...
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
while you count.
Do that, and you'll fall asleep.
I-I'll just carry you on my back and jump right over the river!
Not even your toes will get wet, Nezuko!
Let's go!
All right, let's go! Showdown!
Brother...
He wasn't always like that.
But that's not enough to extinguish my passion!
No matter how lonely-it-gets.
Relax your shoulders.
Hurry!
There it is!
What an odd realm of the subconscious.
I have to hurry.
I thought humans couldn't move while they were under a spell.
Okay, I'll be in charge of flipping them over, then!
Huh? Where's Nezuko?
This is a dream!
Big Bro, give me your pickled radishes!
That's Nezuko's scent!
My Nichirin Sword...
Sorry.
Mom?
Tanjiro, are you all right?
Right here.
also warm.
It's pitch-dark, and I can't see a thing. Dammit.
What's with that blond brat's realm of subconscious?
I wonder why.
Not here.
there'll be no going back.
Zenitsu...
It's faint, but I'm picking up a demon's scent, too!
We were put to sleep when our tickets were punched.
Nezuko! Do me a favor!
Thanks.
Is he the one who was connected to me?
I can't believe I was!
No, of course not. Too distressing, right?
Why don't I show you a dream where your father comes back to life?
What I really love..,
Now I can receive even more blood of Master Muzan!
Constant Flux!
Whispers of Forced Unconscious Hypnosis.
He's aware that he's under the spell right away.
This brat...
How could you be the only one to survive?
How dare you go on living without a care.
You want to know why I'm not dead after you decapitated me, don't you?
What should I do? What should I do?
All right!
Lord Inosuke Hashibira is comin' through!
I have to go save the passengers!
If Inosuke can hold down the fort here, I should go on ahead!
It's gone this far already?
How am I supposed to fend it off?
What was that?
But there's no time to lose! I'll keep it short!
Okay!
I found this master's weak spot!
This is it, huh?
Water Breathing, Sixth Form...
It's here...
Beast Breathing, Second Fang...
I have to sever it!
I can praise you for that!
He got me! He's putting me to sleep!
Wake up!
Cut the neck!
I have to wake up!
Don't fall for his trap!
Don't die such lame deaths!
I bet he's too scared to look me in the eye!
If we don't chop this demon's head off soon, we won't be able to make it!
Synchronize your breathing with mine!
No good! If I fall asleep now...
H-Hey, is your belly okay?
Your belly that got stabbed!
It's okay if that bastard dies!
Me?
My plan to fuse with the train and devour humans en masse just went up in smoke!
It's all his fault!
Is this the power of a Hashira?
That brat is to blame!
That's right, and that boar, too!
Focus!
Right.
Everyone's safe!
Don't strain yourself. Take it easy and rest up.
I will not.
It's close to the realm of the highest.
There were never any Flames among all the Hashira I've killed until now.
Die, Kyojuro...
Destructive Death..
I see.
Nice moves!
Air Type!
I can't jump in.
You haven't reached your physical peak yet!
Disorder!
Don't tell me...
Let's fight more.
I'll damage his body as much as I can in an instant!
Destructive Death..
Annihilation Type!
Rengoku!
Say that you'll become a demon!
I have to kill him and get out of here!
The sun's coming up!
I have to get away from the sun!
The Demon Slayer Corps...
You bastard!
He didn't let anybody die!
You're the one who lost!
Rengoku...
As a Hashira,
Why would an Upper Rank come here?
Stop saying dumbass things like, "Can I or can't I be like him?"
All living things just go back to the earth when they die!
Don't cry even if you have regrets!
No matter how pathetic or humiliated you feel,
But you're crying, too.
I'll exterminate those repulsive demons!
What a remarkable child.
I had too much to drink and my head hurts.
As I was ordered to wake you up at this time...
Occupation: Butler.
A butler is someone who supports Ojou-sama and everybody from the bottom of his heart!
Right, what the master owns is the master's, and what the butler owns is also the master's.
In other words, I lack the fiery attitude, huh.
I don't think he's the type of person who would search.
Just when we're running off to the city, I have to think of that violent old man!
We've arrived at Nanahama, the port city full of young people!
Whoa... Hey lady, I'm Shibuya Takuya. Would you like to go out with me?
My, Ren-chan!
In any case, let's go for a change in scenery.
Even I don't carry leeks with me.
But, I think spinach will do the job.
I have to find a job fast.
You look all pale.
It's only a case of anemia. Let me down.
If somebody is in distress, save that person unless it's from debt.
I'm De Niro, made by Miyu. Remember the name, you got that?
Leave it to me. Come on, follow me!
Thank you very much.
No, B as in bear, it's Benisu.
Your cooking is great!
When I get pushed, my spinal reaction acts up.
Hand beams are an integral part of a butler.
W-What the hell is with that guy?
I'm Uesugi Ren.
Bastard!
Go to sleep.
Huh?
Y-Yes, I'll do my best!
I'm not a loli, but a grown-up woman, hmph.
Since you're about the same age as Yume and it sounds fun, you're more than welcome!
My interests include loving cute things.
Hey, Nee-san!
Hey, stop that!
I'm Chiharu, in charge of cleaning duties.
And I'm the Colonel, also the legal guardian of Ojou-sama and the others.
It looks like things will get rowdy once again.
Well...
You...
I'm not going to forgive you!
Er, and me?
Personal?
You're working hard from the first day.
But, knowing you, Colonel, I bet you completed the mission all by yourself.
That feels good, Beni.
Huh?
Once you top it with cream...
Y-Yes.
Who's there?
Oh, it's you, Ren-kun.
Yes, with this veranda.
H-How did you know?
Huh?
Oh, sorry. Are you hurt?
So this is Yume Ojou-sama's school, huh.
T-That's right, I'm on duty today, see ya.
I was assisting an elderly woman at crossing the street.
E-Excuse me.
Oh, you're quite attentive.
Thankfully accept my alms.
Good for you, Ren-kun!
I'm happy just to be serving Ageha-sama.
I got the message, so eat.
Aren't you glad to make more friends?
Really, what a bunch of weirdos.
Come on, hit me!
Hey, that hurts!
No, this was due to the kid's carelessness.
Tomorrow is the day when the decision will be handed out, right?
I am going to continue my job as a butler!
ending song
Isn't she kind of creepy?
Come on, let's go in!
Whoa! Y-You startled me!
The person is in the house.
If I'm wrong, you may punish me to your heart's desire.
Please, please! Do it to me!
We want to support your love life.
And I'm telling you that it's Benisu-san!
You have to go out on a date.
T-That's not a bad idea, but...
In the case of Beni-kou...
Now that you mention it, you're right.
Well, if a low ranking guy like him is pumped up like that, then I have to do the same!
No, but Natose-san will entertain you with funny American jokes.
I'll liven up things!
I get the message, Mommy.
He never is rewarded, is he?
My apologies, Ageha-sama!
Such uncouth people to be stealing when people are having fun.
So I'm the only one left, huh.
Come on, I'm going to knock some sense into you.
Kneel before me, commoners!
Geez, such an energetic sister I have.
Head back home, huh.
I finally found you.
next episode preview
It's as if they're playing catch.
Shinra-sama!
Is anything wrong?
Right, he was the ideal person.
Although he was the person whom I hated most in the world...
Idiot! Damn brat!
It's because I'm weak, that's all.
Well, that's another way of saying it.
I see. Then, it can't be helped.
Sit next to me.
Let her rest.
No matter how busy Shinra-sama is, she always finds time to be with her family.
Since you're probably tired from doing things for the first time.
Leave me alone. I need to concentrate.
Shinra, you're a very good pupil because you enjoy music.
Is somebody talking about Yume?
You already gave him a name?
If you noticed it, then wipe it before commenting.
There, there.
A commander must pay the price with his life!
That was pretty interesting.
Since I didn't have to worry about the family, my reputation and sponsors.
I won't catch a cold just from this.
You know well.
I always thought that you were talented, a person of high caliber.
But...
Did I disappoint you by acting like a dirty old man?
You can understand my feelings?
Shinra-sama, you must do things the way you can only do...
Shinra-sama...
Colonel, pick me up at once.
I didn't kill her...
It's the same thing.
Very well. If Ren-chan's going, then I'm quitting.
N-No objections.
She's at a crucial point right before the memorial concert.
In that case, it can't be helped.
Since my son and daughter are being taken care of, as a father, I must extend my greetings.
My number hasn't changed.
If it only wasn't for him...
It's really nothing.
Yume might not have enough strength to loosen you up.
I'm tired and I don't want to talk about such things.
Not acting like myself?
I feel as if I understand your feelings, Shinra-sama.
All this for my sake...
Look at me and answer.
Yo.
Shinra-sama...
In the end, I can't turn against the old man...
and that you must do things in the way you only can... were they all lies?
I'm going to do things the way I want to.
Beni!
That's kind of difficult.
Ren!
Do it.
Are you going to desert me?
Shinra-sama, it's time to go to the rehearsal.
If you wanted to keep him at your side, why did you abuse him?
If you're not there, I don't have anyone to do the cooking and laundry for me.
I'm sorry for the last minute changes, but...
Morning!
N-No!
Huh?
You look great, just as I thought!
I want to be fondled by Shinra-sama, too!
Shinra-sama, it's morning.
What?!
This is what you call a city. tokaidana
Then, let's meet here at night.
I should go back.
I see.
Today is really hot.
I have to hurry and find a job.
Am I way too charming? yes you are 333
Hey, miss, are you all right?
Hey! I'm not radio-controlled!
How true, Hato-nee.
De Niro, show them the way to the Kuonji residence.
Miyu-sama!
Wow! suggeenaG: line starts too early, retime
Benisu.
I'm sorry.
So this house is...
Huh?
Shinra-sama, welcome back.
Huh?
Where am I?
Oh, Shinra.
I'm not a loli, a grown up woman.
Who are you?
Ah, having a sister is great!
It's a rather minor character.
I guess it can't be helped.
Shinra-sama, it's morning.
Ren?
I drank too much, my head hurts.
Hato-nee, let us two siblings become happy together! TWINCEST
We're finally here.
That side, how about this, boy? do it fagyaranaika
E-Excuse me!
Kuonji Shinra.
Such a lifestyle wouldn't be bad.
Don't say such tough things.
S-See you next time.
I see.
Anyway, let's have a change of mood.
It's okay.
This is a thank you for my kind Ren-chan.
But!
Today is really hot.
I have to hurry and find a job.
She's collapsing.
I have to carry you to a hospital.
Hey! I'm not radio-controlled!
I'm De Niro who's created by Miyu.
Sorry, sorry.
I hope he grows up well.
Please eat as much as you want.
Thank you very much.
All these dishes are prepared by Benisu.
I don't want it!
Anyway, move away.
This was my conditioned response to your unreasonable act.
You'll get your back booted.
I'm sorry, but with that attitude you'll only trouble your sister.
Hand beams are also a part of a butler. KAMEHAMEHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
You're not crumbling away?
Oh, Shinra.
I'm not a loli, a grown up woman.
Don't mind, Yume.
Right!
Ah, nice to meet you.
Huh?
A-Ah, that's right.
These two are pissing me off!
There you go!
My name is Chiharu. I'm in charge of of the cleaning.
So, first of all we'll see how you do in your trial time.
Seems like things will get lively again.
In episode two, Ren transfers into the school where I'm the student council president.G: muahahaha hinagiku
That's another butler anime!
Huh?
You know...
Hato-nee's hair?he seems to question the hair so changed period to question mark
Dear friends, welcome to this special morning.
This really suits you.
I'm off!
Of course.
The red things...
I'll clean you up.
I found the book Miyu-chan was looking for on the internet.
Could it be, that the sight of a pheromone-emitting grown woman gives a boy like you the case of eye cancer?G: tm cowteats, altering from Is it by chance bad for the eyes of a little boy like you, the figure of a grown up woman emitting pheromones?, maybe "gives you the case of eye cancer" or "is poisonous to your eye"
Yes, we're connected by this veranda.
The night view is beautiful.
I'll put my heart in it and serve them...
Are you all right?
More... More...
I'm glad for you, Natose-san.
Move, move, move, move!
I deeply apologifscx200-
I was helping an elderly lady crossing the street.
Heaven and hell!
Nice to meet you.
To be given personally by Ageha-sama means, it's the ultimate spice!
Aren't you happy to make a new friend?
Kid, if you pass, I shalt guide you the way to become a special man.
Hello.
No, what happened?
Don't take it personally!
I am... I am...
Seeing you troubled makes me feel good after all.
Onee-chan.
Come with all you've got!
Huh?
And me?
You're the raid squadron.
I'll teach you how to tend to it, too.
Yumecchi! Your boxed lunch!
You're in the way!
something like that.
Let me help you with cleaning.
There seems to be a memento from the previous Master among the antiques.
Beni-san, the red things...
Well then, tonight I will tell you the story when I was stationed in the mercenary unit
Of the track team?
Miyu-san, aren't you going to school?
My sister has a habit of teasing things she likes.
Today was yet another hard day.
Could it be, that the sight of a pheromone-emitting grown woman gives a boy like you the case of eye cancer?G: tm cowteats, altering from Is it by chance bad for the eyes of a little boy like you, the figure of a grown up woman emitting pheromones?, maybe "gives you the case of eye cancer" or "is poisonous to your eye"
Did you get used to it?
I'm not being pampered by my sister for nothing, after all.
Yes!
But I feel a little lonely.
Mi...
Is she a friend of yours?
Nice to meet you.
Are you sure about this?
See you.
Oh, Yume.
I cannot dishonor Mistress Yume now!
You better eat it with gratitude!
I got it.
To be given personally by Ageha-sama means, it's the ultimate spice!
A yellow one.
I found you.
Just...
Yes.
Miyu-san...
First, Uesugi Mihato,
Yay!
Congratulations, Ren-nii!
For the time being, I command thee to be my personal attendant. yes, thee
You..
Prime numbers?
Seven, eleven, thirteen.
Oh, it isn't?
This is what you call an elegant overtake.
Let's call it a day.
Everyone, go over your parts individually again so you can perform it perfectly.
You drank it.
I don't care.
Also, when I call you, you don't have to knock.
You're better than Beni.
T-Thank you very much.
As I thought, he's worth teasing.
If you want to be my personal butler, that is.
Miyu-san!
Really, the essence of a sister
Give up, and receive my eternal love.
The Kuonji Flag is a traditional ritual that has been passed down for generations in the Kuonji family.
Understood!
When did you...
I'm sorry.
Now we only need Myu-tan's flag.
The game field is limited to the Kuonji house.
There's no place for you to escape!
My, my, so you followed me all the way.
Huh? Do you think you can beat me by playing around like that?
Where are you touching?!
Shinra-sama's team's victory is in front of their eyes!
M-Miyu-san?
Cosmos Fist, Planet-Cleaving Strike!
Shinra-sama's team!
Tomorrow I'll thoroughly lavish my love on you, Myu-tan.
Well, whatever it is, just take off your clothes.
Two, three, five. ni,san,go
This is the car we usually use.
The way you played is fine.
B-By the way... I'm thirsty.
Excuse me!!
No! No! You beast!
The Kuonji Flag is a traditional ritual that has been passed down for generations in the Kuonji family.
But if I happen to beat those two...
You're such a good girl, Yume-kou!
Beni, from the right; Ren, from the left;
Objective accomplished!
In doing so, you'll be the key to our victory. well the one doing the crucial move to win
Understood!
An elegant touchdown!
Don't chase her, Beni.
But Ren is guarding the flag at our base.
H-Huh?! What?!
I shall catch you.
Let go of the flag!
Swear loyalty to me.
Stop, you manservant!
Can you at least knock?
Let's soothe your wound! is wound the right word?
may I take him to a training camp?
Colonel!
I knew you would notice my presence!
Yes!
Yay! A trip with everyone!
In that case, let's go.
I will accompany you.
Sister, I'm an adult! I'm in my twenties!
As if you really mean it!
Ageha-sama!
My courage is crumbling away.
But I can't endure not being hit by Ageha-sama!
My body is melting.
Delicious!
That thing from earlier...
You tricked me, Colonel!
Ren, you will become that shining Butler Star!
You're slow!
Money sure is important in this world!
Sure, as much as you like.
You fail at satisfying me.
Ah, Ageha-san.
Come on, let's go.
It was normal when I wasn't around until just recently.
Yes.
I shall reward you.
You like it in a bottle, don't you?
So, where's the punchline?
Reckless driver!
We still have time. Take this opportunity to watch her special duties.
Knowing Shinra-sama, I bet she teases the members of the orchestra during practice.
Everyone is to review their assignments so you can perform to perfection.
Huh?
Natose-san.
Tell Onee-chan about it.
Not you again...
The Kuonji Flag is a traditional ritual passed down within the Kuonji family for generations.
N-No, even if it's Shin Onee-chan, I won't let you pass through!
Yu...
I can't reach it!
If the chief of security of the Kuonji estate gets serious, she's troublesome!
Rest in peace.
Are you all right?
I'm sorry...
Team Shinra-sama has taken the flag!
Huh? She's retreating too easily. Don't go after her, Beni!
Although he may still feel damage from Natose's attack...
Holding back the runt ought to be child's play.
Ren-chan.
Damn, the imitation egg!
So, we're going to win...
What? What's going on?
All right...
Yume Ojou-sama, who tried to protect her flag on her own.
It must be my imagination.
Let's talk about manhood.
Come on, at least you can take your clothes off.
Whoa, that's pretty impressive.
I see, Yume, huh?
So, I ended up making Shinra-sama angry.
You! You! You! konokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokonokono
Yes!
A vacation abroad!
There's not even a single bit of trash.
That's not something to be moved by!
Sister, I'm an adult! I'm in my twenties!
Okay!
No way, after getting so fired up!
Delicious!
Note: A reference to Ashita no Joe, a classic boxing anime series.
Everyone must be having so much fun on this vacation.
Silly.
I'm bored.
I couldn't live without this!
Leave it to me.
Y-You don't have to.
N-N-No way. My money is to pay for the food I just had.
Beni, you're not planning to continue into debt, are you?
You're welcome.
Just by seeing you, I feel relieved and sleepy now.
Um, well...
Please don't make fun of me.
I won't get tired of you and fire you just because you failed.
Ren-chan.
Oh, you have come back.
What do you want?
I'll make you show me one day how serious you are.
And this is for you, Shinra-sama.
She hasn't come back since she left with Benisu-san last night.
There isn't one!!
You...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Are you telling us to dance in those outfits?!
Those two are a part of my family.
The bet will be for those two bunnies.
The Colonel will definitely win.
Well done.
O-Okay...
Not just my back but my armpit as well.
There! There! There! There!
No! iyaaa
She's still a kid.
Stop that.
What did you say?!
Eh? Such a little girl would do that?
It's a given that even a big city has slums. or just use slum town or wahtever u call them
After getting fired from the restaurant, she wandered from place to place. placement check
Even I know it.
You're from earlier...
Hey! A weak lady is being harassed, and you're going to desert her?
That idiot!
Why did you have to get caught as well?!
Right?
Provoking them on purpose and getting the crap beaten out of you...
That might have been the case in the past,
I studied, too.
It only rejected me, someone who was born a loser.
Will you not try explaining your situation to me, Mademoiselle?
Do I have to beat them all alone?
Hey, Shibutaku-kun, what are we going to do?
We kidnapped them on a whim, but...
Who the hell are you?!
Did you think you could get away unharmed after hurting Ren-chan?
Onee-chan's secret tool, hairpin.
Onee-chan's secret tool, scissors.
Ah, Shinra-sama.
That's the Southern Cross.
Break through it!
Those two are a part of my family.
The price is one million dollars.
Don't underestimate the power of money!
Miyu-chan, that's tickling tickles.
Miyu-san, would you like me to put some onif you like should I put on you too?
I'm seawater- and pressure-resistant, but on top of that,
You high-specced toy!
Damn you! I'll remember this!
Like this?
You were aboutgoing to say goodbye to your walletpocket!
I'm goingI'll make the to buy groceries for dinner.
That I'm not only good at cooking but shopping as well.
Despite not knowing how to appreciate money yourself...
What did you say?!
Like you said, this is the basement of the villa you've rented,
and even if we scream, nobody will hear it and come save us.
It seems like you guys failed.
Not cute, thinks only about money and hasn't even the slightest sliver of gentleness.
Of course...not...
A man must protect a woman.
But no matter how hard I tried.
What idiots.
Hey, Shibutaku-kun, what are we going to do?
Begone you filthy-spirited creatures!
I won't let you lay a finger on my mistress!
Move!
We thoroughly punished the bad guys.
Huh?
Just like Beniko had her hardships, maybe Natose-san also went through something...
The fireworks are going to start!
Good morning.
She should be here any--
Y-Yume!way too early, this one is for the y-y-y-y-y-y
Yumecchi! This is your boxed lunch!
Oh no
Someone help me
N-No... Spare me...
Your attack has no effect on me.
Ineffective... Way too ineffective!
This is nothing.
Don't use that!
I'll kill the elite and give money to the NEETs.
I used my yandere power on the wrong opponent!
Taste this ultimate attack for going against universe's rules!
It's the same as the commercial! But the sequence wasn't used? TLCCCC
Know who you're dealing with!
Well done, Yume. You have already surpassed me.
Ren-kun, what were you reading?
That's convincing but useless coming from a person who's always acting cute.
Ouch!
Then... how about acting bad? Revenant: Added ...
Something like that?
Mihato.
L-Let's continue with my topic then... Revenant: Added L- 
Or rather, I was actually around in every scene.
Although I'm being envied, I can't seem to be happy at that fact...
Haste will only make waste.T: you can change it to literal tl if you want.
Yeah. So firstly, let's imagine the Sun's hugeness.
You'll definitely become a somebody in future.
You are really...
I hope you'll continue to work hard for my sake.
Well then, I as well will...
Ren-kun is embarrassed, embarrassed.
Hey, Uesugi.
Ah, sorry.
Alright then.
No way--
It's the personal attendant's job to check this!ends too early if you want to consider beniko's wailing
So she had something like this...
I'm the local monster Kuman!
Now that we have come, you should be okay.
Don't use that!
Your personality is sparkling so much it makes me green with envy, Yume.
Ren-kun, what were you reading?
If we discuss it earnestly, I'm very, VERY sure we can find your personality!! joc: split and use alpha timing
Ren-kun... you are so dependable. Maybe. joc: use alpha timing
So that's how it is, we're pondering how to bring out Miss Yume's personality,
I... I will be counting on everyone, then... Revenant: Added her doubtful mi..minna ...
Sorry, I think my hand slipped... Check please, and the following 2 as welljoc: no idea for this
And I can do dere too! TL note: "Dere" means acting lovestruck.don't think we need this note
Miyu-sama will demonstrate it to you!
A few days back, at Kujuukuri, I was chased, by a pink elephant!
Well, the ball was passed to me so suddenly...
Well, it's something like that.
It's was a bit exaggerated though.
Well, Yume is just Yume, right? Revenant: Added ,right ..for da na
L-Let's continue with my topic then... Revenant: Added L- 
Like this?
Yu-Yume!
But if I disappeared one day, what if no one noticed?
That's amazing, I didn't notice at all.
The Sun... sure is huge...
W-W-What...?!
Goodbye.
Since you're the new captain, be more conscious about punctuality.
Hey, Yume! You forgot your boxed lunch again!
Y-Your panties...
Good boy, good boy.
Huh? What's this notebook?
So she had something like this...
Another monster has appeared in this area!
It's just you being too radiant.
In that case, it's my turn now. ORE NO TAAN! YUGIOHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
This hurts even mentally!
I used my yandere power on the wrong opponent!
Chant your spell and attack the foe!
Amazing...
The sentence is always the death penalty!
Dream Eternal Beam!
Women are indeed scary!
Well then, I'll show you the proper behavior for a cute girl.
Then... how about acting bad? Revenant: Added ...
We're the racer gang Midnight Girls, no one can stop us.
Nice to meetcha!a bit too early
Well, it's something like that.
It's was a bit exaggerated though.
She really just disappeared!
If that's the case, then be an animal-related character!
Yu-Yume!
I wonder if Yume is fine...
Compared to that hugeness, my troubles are nothing, aren't they?
Will Natose-san always be by my side and back me up?
Looks like the problem's solved, that's good.
Ren-kun is embarrassed, embarrassed.
You're so cute.
No, I...
I see, if that's the case...
What a long phone call.
Yo. I see you've gotten used to your work.
The sun's irresistible rays... Aaah... I can't take it anymore!
That's mean of you, Ren-kun.
I think a clumsy girl is quite a character already.
I gave her boxed lunch to her earlier...
That's Shinra-sama's boxed lunch!
Go dash after her!
Wow! It's full of text!
The world... ah... is going to end.
I'm the local monster Kuman!
I kill cool guys and give money to the ugly.
Now that we have come, you should be okay.
In contrast, you leave little of an impression.
With the power of Ambrosia, here comes my Sure-Kill Valkyrie Boots!lenalee :
Anyway, I'm fine.
W-W-Wait, I'll give you money, so let's talk it out! Okay?
How much?
Know who you're dealing with!
Indeed! I hope you'll really think about it!
Pl... Please do your best for her. T: This seems to be the most appropriate; Revenant: Added the delayed she..she..as well
Because she can distinguish poisonous mushrooms from harmless ones!
A senseless comedy, you might as well get squashed.
Well, the ball was passed to me so suddenly...
You could be daring and wear sports attire all the time, perhaps?
I can't compare in terms of elegance!
She has to solve it by herself.
That's right, I might as well let myself stay unnoticed,
and make that my unique point, how about that?
Yup, that's right.
This is amazing, there are professionals even in this line.
It's alright. Natose-san.
That... will depend on you.
Miss Yume.
You'll definitely become a somebody in future.
Looks like the problem's solved, that's good.
No, I...
Actually, the Kuonji household has another member now.
We're finally storming into the fearsome Ageha-sama arc.
Shinra-sama, please wake up.
I won't wake up if you don't kiss me.
Men, advance!
Mirror Kick!
And what happened to Kojuurou?
According to the doctors, he'll recover completely in about three months.
Be rest assured.
Unfortunately I can't give you what you like, Shinra-dono.
Love them as much as you want.
We're the glass teens!
Who will be the replacement of Kojuurou-san?
But the hot blooded type is what I want.
So I'm even lower than Pandas...
As my Mistress hath ordered, I shalt serve you with all I've got,
Well, I do feel like having a ceremony.
Yes, Ageha-sama!
Dirt spotted!
The training has already begun,
If you want to go, please do.
How can this kind of things compare to Ageha-sama's steel punch?
yet everyone does not take it to heart, how bad of them.
We are able to live like this, Should be Our being able to live like this, ? Or somehow easier structure Reve
But this is my destiny, I have to become strong no matter what.
Protecting miladies is your job. T: milady's plural form, LOL anyhow, EDIT
Where did he go?
I surrender! TLC
Who are these guys?
Oh no, even 0.1 gram of this will let a whale sleep too.
That was my first kiss...
You can't without my permission...
You'll find out soon.
Yes.
Yes, Ageha-sama!
That's what happened.
So because of these circumstances,
T-These are...
Season tickets for the Nanahama Stadium!
Unfortunately I can't give you what you like, Shinra-dono.
Sister!
We're the glass teens!
Hurry and get me the video camera!
Shinra-dono accepted this completely.
Ah, that?
Uber cute!
It was such a chaos I couldn't even serve you tea.
It's lukewarm!
Thanks for your compliment!
Sorry to bother you...
We are actually successors of an enterprise which involves military steel.
What preposterous words!
You spoke too much, go and do one thousand squats when you get back.
there's nothing to fear from those ladies.
Ageha-san... T: or is it Ageha-san? Reve thinks it's -san -.-
Ren-kun!
Chess! T: Or is it Chest?tlc please
I won't leave Ageha-sama's side!
Let's have a duel, Ren!
NO U!check, somehow this is not really flowing well, if it is then keep XD
Ren-chan...
I'll cool you down.
But I'm getting hotter!
Myu-tan's cute when she's angry.
so I, Kojuurou, overcoming my injuries with my spirit, have come to pick you up!
Then, with this...
Ren.
Stop it!
Stress has been piling up on Beni too... maybe some new encouragement is in order.G: really needs TLC, I think she said Beni and the new person thingy is weird, I think it's encouragement or something like thatx: missing word 'new'. new encouragement, new stimulus. something like that
Get Ren to give me some milk coffee.
Yes!
It's not sharp!
That's what I want to say, but I haven't had any chance to talk privately with him lately...
Do you have any request?
I would like your cooking.
Take the things on top of the desk.
I will lend them to you.G: previously no translation here, i'm guessing based on what she said and the situation, TLC pleasex: this line should be fine
Yes.
It's all thanks to your teaching.
To... to step on that!!
Its blazing light screams for me to defeat you!
As expected from Beni, the luggage has been divided well.
But we can't lower our guard.
This is the last trip for both of them.
First match winner: Ren!
When you give the master what they wish for, your points will increase.
I don't need any more...
Ageha-sama.
Question: The origin of Ageha-sama's forehead scar is...
That is...
Yes, Ageha-sama.
I really enjoy being able to kick up a row!
Kimiaru ep.4
But to think that club activities and garden tending are the only things I have to do sounds pretty dull, right?
Oh...
Causing injury to your master.
Although it's Miyu's fault for being out of character by acting like an adult and ordering hot tea...
I ask for permission to take him to the training camp.
W-What the heck is this?
Are you sure?
Huh?
Whoa, that's low!
Hato-nee, anything you wear is perfect!
I'll give you this as well.
Nee-san, you better show more self-restraint!
Yeah, like you really mean it.
That voice is...
But, not to be punched by Ageha-sama is more than I can stand!
Huh? Ah, Tajiri-dono.
Is it okay for us to join your training?
You must use water right out of the faucet.
You wimp, don't you have any balls?
Then, put this on. I'll mend your laid-back mentality into shape!
Ren, you're going to become a star butler!
Y-Yes.
Once your body can respond naturally, you can tend to matters at hand.
W-What kind of monsters?
Um, for instance...
Then you shouldn't have let Benisu go out and play.
A-Ageha-san, what are you doing?
You're unexpectedly well built.
Ladies.
Oh, it's Ren-kun...
Good night.
Did anything happen?
No, you can't!
Miyu-san, no!
There's no way you have the guts to make an advance towards me, Ren.
Ren-chan.
And I only had you, Hato-nee.
To my master's side.
Why did you decide to serve her kelp tea?
My...
There's no need for you to stare.
If you get serious, things will only get more complicated.
What a great smell.
This passionate scream is...
Then, with this...
Of course!
Yes!
Since childhood, she has trained me harshly.
Catch it, Kojuurou!
Ageha-sama...
Let me give you my thanks, Ren!tlc pleasex: yeah, that's basically correct
Oh, Ren-kun, sorry to keep you waiting.line seems to end a bit too fastx: it does end early
Alright, alright.
You can go home now.
Oh, you can do it if you try!
You can do it if you try.
Yes.
What am I getting sucked into?
Ageha-san, I...
Let me explain:
For this, we have requested the masters to act as judges.
Manservants, carry all this luggage.
Ageha-sama!
Why do I feel mine are heavier?
I feel bad for Ageha-chan's attendant!
Here are your dessert seconds.
Oh a fail! Minus one point, giving zero.
Ren-chan...
There it is! A perfect four!
Good luck, Kojuurou-kun!
The third match will test the contestants' loyalty to their master --
I daresay he was too worried about Ageha-sama and ran away from the hospital.
Ageha-sama...
Such a reckless person.
Ever since that duel, everyone's been working me so hard...
Good morning.
Together with me!
And then?
That's all.
Morning.
Miyu-san?
Alright, Miyu-chan, banzai!
Mihato, don't I always tell you to stop treating me like a child?
Right then, I'm off to my battlefield.
Yes.
Then, goodnight.
Let's see... tomorrow's schedule is...
Good morning, Miyu-san.
What are today's plans?
Mihato is fast asleep, so tell me about yourself first.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Oh?
I can't control myself, oh those curves!
Hey Miss, spend the night with me!
You're making some nice sounds, did you come already?
Go find a good woman for me!
I don't want to!
You will both be punished!
I can't mov...
Stop right there!
Miyu just received a payment to her account.
I see now...
What are you doing, you sukapontan!
My father is the person I respect the most.
Do you also plan on devoting your efforts to such areas, and not merely to music?
She's really serious and doesn't smile.
I'll be fine.
My dream hasn't changed,
You're in the way!
Lastly, when we seem to be losing in battles on the Internet...
I see. Good luck.
Here is today's recommendation.
Yes.
Here you are.
Instead of cute, say that I have a "mature charm."
Your coffee.
Ah, black like an adult would drink.
You've become so considerate too.
For the bath!
Yes ma'am!
Yes...
Look at you, your clothes will get wrinkled!
Gathering information from the Internet.
Yes?
If that's the case, you can relax.
Despite her appearance, Miyu-san really is an adult.
My, my, what are you doing, Ren-chan?
You were possessed? Geez, you're incorrigible, you naughty boy.
Educational guidance!
Wait damnit!
Ahh... I'm understanding Miyu-san less and less...
Miyu just received a payment to her account.
Even though my name is Yume, to not have any dreams...
Oh, it's Shinra-sama.
the famous Kuonji Banshou --
Ren.
Do you also plan on devoting your efforts to such areas, and not merely to music?
W-What's happened? For my clearheaded sister who was a child prodigy to be doing this...
I'm not clearheaded or a prodigy, Yume.
Lastly, when we seem to be losing in battles on the Internet...
we'll just cut the connection...
I'm sure it'll be like that.
Next is IQ240! Let's go!
Yes, but she's not been doing nothing at all!
And?
I want to open a restaurant where family and friends can relax and enjoy themselves.
I'm going to take a part-time job!
Even after your work begins, when I want you to be with me, you'll stay at home.
Love is a selfish thing!
Yes.
Securing the house...
Here you are.
Perfect as well, today.
You've become so considerate too.
Mm. You're doing it softly, it feels good.
Night, Ren.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Oh, it's nothing...
You're the one who should act her age and keep her conduct in mind.
I'm going.
To get recharged at home.
How long is Miyu-san going to stay dawdling at home?
I'll give you some miyu-miyu!
Thanks for saving me!
Even though she idles at home, she gets paid?
Miyu studied a lot during her childhood,
Yume, never give up!
Hmm?
I wonder if it's because of her job.
The music is nice, though, isn't it.
I'm not clearheaded or a prodigy, Yume.
Then we'll murmur to the kids that Santa doesn't exist.
Why death metal?
Don't get in the way, Ren!
Sis!
I want to open a restaurant where family and friends can relax and enjoy themselves.
Even after your work begins, when I want you to be with me, you'll stay at home.
and very nutritious to boot.
Together with me!
Mihato's consideration is a great help to me.
Thank you very much.
Let's work hard again tomorrow.
Morning.
Ren. Please call Mihato.
If that's the case, you can relax.
Thank you very much.
If things were as simple as that, we wouldn't need laws... Right?
Just obediently respect your older sister and accept her benevolence.
Today's plans?
To get recharged at home.
When you're Miyu's personal attendant, you're my subordinate!
Ahh... I'm understanding Miyu-san less and less...
It's your fault!
What should I do?
Here you go.
Oh, it's Shinra-sama.
I'll be fine.
You're in the way!
What was that attitude?
I'm sure it'll be like that.
By the way, didn't you mix in your own desires?
Oh yeah! It's Miyu-san!
Here's the first song!
Don't get too cocky, you loli!
I want to open a restaurant where family and friends can relax and enjoy themselves.
Yume!
I just wished for you to hug me.
Shin-oneechan...
I am as well.
What is it?
Mistress Yume.
Beniko, this is not the time for jokes.
Wait, Shin-oneechan.
I'm sorry for not remembering!
Since you're older, you need to act like an adult.
My age is irrelevant.
All humanity will kneel before me,
Alright, now that it's come to this, it's time for the killer move!
For you to not eat any dinner...
Y-Yes...
Hato-forehead-poke!
Yes.
I'm going to look for her!
Natose-san.
Okay, thanks.
Natose-san, you often look at the stars.
Yes.
A great tsunami struck, and I was the only survivor in my family.
Shinra-sama...
I understand that you're worried,
Hato-nee told me the same thing before.
Umm... at that time...
Be more open.
Yume's just troubled because she can't feel your feelings.
With this you can properly apologize!
in order to not shame her wonderful father whom so many people respected,
Nee-san suppressed her emotions.
If they just talked, they would surely understand each other...
Didn't you two--
Yume!
For saying something so mean...
No it's not!
I... joc: TIMING FIX
Yeah.
Mistress Yume!
Mistress!
Natose-san, umm....
That's fine!
it might go better than you expect.
Really?
Amazing, Yume.
Yeah! I'll try to say it straight!
You were worrying over that?
I'm so happy!
I am as well.
Shinra-sama, there's a hole here, so please be careful!
Wait, Shin-oneechan.
As long as you don't remember, you can't say it's a real apology.
T-That's true...
One day, I'll...
She told me to leave her alone, and didn't say anything more.
That sounds like what a stubbornly traditional old man would say.
Yume!
Hato-forehead-poke!
I will search for her!
You have to search for it!
Seriously?
It seems that Ren and Natose forgot their cell phones.
If you're that worried, maybe you shouldn't have quarreled in the first place.
You're the only person that would say that.
Umm... at that time...
You're not crying at all...
While you're still able to,
...but this is something that can be restored.
It might be too painful,
If you talk to her properly, Shinra-sama will understand!
Now, tell her your true feelings!
You're so strong!
I'm sorry!
Shin-oneechan...
I promise you.
You really do have to be protected by me.
So it seems.
Mistress!
Thank you so much.
When you're happy, I'm happy as well.
It's just a small role before the cherry blossom viewing.
Everyone's appearing in the second half!
That's pretty interesting.
I-isn't this person a bit dangerous?
I'm happy you're looking after me!
Geez, he's dangerous.
The dangerous one is... YOU!
Hey
Onee-chan, for her brother's sake...
The Protagonist's Law is amazing.
As I thought, it's me!
No... a gag isn't necessary.
Yeah, that's possible. Good job, Yume!
It's really Benisu-san!
She's strong and dependable.
she's kind.
But, we'll cheer for you and help you to succeed!
The opposing team's attack is really nerve wracking isn't it, Benisu-san?
A sudden fly ball?
I might give up.
Yo.
You're really pathetic.
Sorry.
Drinking amongst the cherry blossoms; The missing appetizer is short pants.
No, it seems that Natose-san has picked up an amusing American joke.
Don't make me do the difficult ones.
That's what she said so I took this home!
Y-y-yes!
What are you asking? NM298: They are dressed as Tousaka Rin and Saber from FateStay Night
Hey, it's your turn to give us a performance.
I'll take out one of them too.
I'm the only one left?
What's wrong, Ren-chan?
You're someone who doesn't know how to read the atmosphere, eh.
That's pretty interesting.
I-isn't this person a bit dangerous?
This guy's a boy!
Huh? What is that?
I'm thinking about something.
Are you worried about something?
Mistress Yume's team is all here.
I'm glad I'm alive.
It's really Benisu-san!
Could we ask why you came to like her?
Yeah, yeah. I understand it well.
How about a ramen tour?
You carry on eating ramen until you end every word with "ramen"!
The opposing team's attack is really nerve wracking isn't it, Benisu-san?
I thought it'd be good once in a while.
My tension's increased!
But it's just a little bit, just a little bit.
Yeah!
I came back with nothing.
U-mmm...
Oh, tell me about it!
Yeah, but right after that, I was beaten up, and the medical fees cost me a hundred thousand.
Oh.
I'm De Niro!
Those sound waves were made for attacking, so you must not sing here!
Huh, am I doing it too?
First, it's a school uniform!
I'm the master and you're the maid.
Your fortune shall improve, Shinra shrine.
What are you asking? NM298: They are dressed as Tousaka Rin and Saber from FateStay Night
It really looks like him!
We'll do that art.
What boorish people.
De Niro Flash!
Yet you still perform such regrettable acts like stealing.
Amazing. This could become an article.
I'm fine, I'm an adult.
You're someone who doesn't know how to read the atmosphere, eh.
You wanted to say something good to please me?k: may means "Are you trying to say something good to please me?"
It's cold!
Ren-kun, watch out!
Your sweaty skin is lovely!
That's right.
Yeah.
Hey, hurry up and clean it.
Did something good happen?
Mine?
You are a quick learner, and you remember the preferences of the masters very quickly.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's not fair!
You're going to be busy with the concert so you want someone for your routine, right?
First, there will be a rehearsal at Nanahama Hall.k: rehearsal at regular intervals
For me to lose...
Yeah.
Push myself?
He's talking about food?
the audience would feel uneasy, wouldn't they?
But, I'm not putting on such an expression.
Here, a candy as your consolation prize.
You gave it a name already?
How's this? Take this! You too?
Shinra-sama, take this.
Let's make an escape from here.
What's wrong?
But...
But now your disillusioned, like a perverted old man?
Y-you're thinking too much.
I wonder if they're looking at the night view and getting a good feeling.
Long time no see.
Did you really think you have the right to be happy?
Enough!
Hey you...
Kid, I'll show you the elegant way of resolving things.
Huh?
Why are you getting so hot-headed all of a sudden?
Not just my back, but my side as well.
Huh?
Women are creatures that love to shop.
You're an unexpectedly nice person.
You're just a cheapskate, right?
Even if we holler, nobody will come to rescue us, right?
You bastard!
My sister's doctrine:
But, no matter how hard I tried...
Huh?
Depending on your skills, I may hire you as a chef.
Huh? Where did he go?
I will eradicate the filth from this world!
I won't allow you to lay a finger on Ojou-sama.
Do you think you can hurt Ren-chan and get away with it?
Snip, snip, snip, snip, snip, snip, snip, snip...
Beni, were you hurt?
You must protect your pride and money, no matter what.
Wow.
You can't see it in Japan, can you?
Just as Beni-kou lived a troubled life, I wonder if Natose-san is the same.
next episode preview
Open your eyes for the next Kimiaru.
Everybody's going to move at full speed!
It's a good view right, Shinra-sama?
There aren't many people around this area but,
From that mountain to that mountain there, Shinra-sama bought all of it with her pocket money in order to conserve the environment.
Colonel! Here I go!
Shinra-sama, hurry and wake up!
What?!
There's not enough alcohol!
Thank you very much!
It's the headmaster's choice.
That's not fair!
First, there will be a rehearsal at Nanahama Hall.k: rehearsal at regular intervals
After that, we'll participate in a meeting at the Nanahama open port concert, and at the interview and photography session.
Lastly, it's a gathering for a social charity.
No matter how busy Shinra-sama's schedule is, she always reserves time for her family.
Push myself?
Croissant?
I'm sorry, I have preparations for the next concert.
Please excuse me.
The loli should worry about her own work instead.
Even though she chatters incessantly about unimportant stuff,
Will you go on a date with me?
Yume chose it for me, saying that I'll definitely not stand out in this.
Oh, as expected.
A commander should bet his life and take responsibility!
How's this? Take this! You too?
This is pretty interesting.
She's so cute!
I think I know how you feel.
If you're able do the things that you want to do...
Shinra-sama!
Did you forget how to talk to your father?
It's that time now!
Finish it swiftly.
Pressure and the like, I'll shrug it all off on my own.
Ooh, scary!
Who'd ever go back to that sort of home!
Oh really? Then I guess I've no choice.
Miyu-san!
It's only fun to tease Miyu when she's putting up a futile struggle to resist!
For you to be rejecting my temptation, you've really changed.
Both you and Yume, why are you going to this extent?
Thank goodness, Ren-kun!
This is like being in heaven!
For someone like me...
I've got to protect them from him.
His strange behaviour might be due to that guy's presence.
I'll listen to you! Sorry!
You...
Were those lies?
I can't take listening to this any more.
You brat!
Then I'll make sure you won't see it again!
Everyone...
I called Natose just in case, but it looks like everyone was worried about you.
Oh! Is it time already?
When will you come back?
I'll allow you to see him again if you straighten yourself out.
N-No!
What are you saying in all this confusion?
Err...
Yume! Fight on!
Good luck, Miyu!
Don't lose, Shinra-sama!
Its delicious!
You just remain here obediently, kid.
Come back and bring Mihato with you.
so give me a call on my cellphone, joc: timing - starts too early
just simply play together with conviction.
Call Ren.
I'm tired, so I don't wish to discuss that matter.
Nee-san, you should stop being obstinate and do the right thing.
You've been doing your best all along, hoping your master's dreams would be fulfilled.
Is that really what I wish for?
This is like being in heaven!
Thank you, Shin onee-chan!
You called, Shinra-sama?
Understood, you may go.
If he was more honest, he would be much more charming.
After them.
I didn't hear anything.
Hato-nee and I will never go home!
What's that idiot doing?
Please stop! I beg you.
You...
Were you lying when you said you wanted to be my emotional support?
What do you want to do?
This little Onee-chan too!
You brat!
I'm different from you.
My family is here.
Let's go, Ren.
Yes!
...he relied on abuse and violence, and got cut off from people more and more.
Here's something extra!
How is it? Are you going to be honest with yourself now?
Don't worry about failing, let's just enjoy this!
But Kuonji Shinra.
Sorry
Yume, even though you're so cute...
Will you and Ren enter my employment?
We have club activities today but, where's Yume?
Oh, sorry!
Why does it have to come to this...
H-Huh?!
I understand. Let me help out in solving Yume Ojou-sama's concerns.
N-No... forgive me.
My, you're larger than life!
On the other hand, your existence is faint.
No, you're too glamorous.
Weak, totally weak.
I've been training.
It's my turn!
I used my yandere powers on the wrong person!
Just a bit more.
Huh?
Dream Eternal Beam!
You did it, Yume!
Ren-kun...
Therefore...
Oh, that sure sounds convincing, coming from someone who's always acting cute.
I-Impressive...
I think we got carried away.
I have erased all of your lines. Your role will be over in five seconds.
But, I still want to...
Y-You're right.
Huh? I-I don't think it's a bad idea, but...
What if Shinra Onee-chan does the same?
How about a well versed, legitimate debutante character?!
Would it be something like this?
Your ribbon is crooked.
For an elder sister to steal her sibling's position...
That's what you call keeping a low profile.
Awesome.
I'm being envied upon, but it's not making me any happier...
We can't be relying on others.
That's... um... up to you, Yume!
Ojou-sama, even you have charisma.
You think so?
I was really encouraged by you.
Way to go, Yume!
Ren-kun, you're blushing!
I'm looking forward to it.
ending song
Shinra-sama.
Nee-san, are they our guests?
It's a man's world!
Huh?
Huh?
T-This is...
Welcome to paradise!
You, do it!
Um, Ageha-san...
You, do it!
Shinra-sama!
It's lukewarm!
W-What are you staring at?
How appalling of you for not being able to land properly!
Everyone here is so cold not noticing you like this, Ren-chan.
Right, old people are the nation's treasure.
The Kuki family is one of the world's top three conglomerates.
But it's such a waste to use your pretty hands only to hit people.
Yes, I will guarantee the safety of the Kuonji family.
The only security guard is that woman. Now's our chance.
Ageha-sama!
Once you feel its sting, it'll be sweet dreams for you.
Did you think you can defeat me with this?
Ren.
Eh?
Even a younger sibling becomes an adult in ways like that.
We're evenly matched... awesome!
This is a problem.
Seconds, please!
She's overstaying, and there's no sign of her going home.
In that case, I will return to my duties.
Oh, no! I've got to go.
They say connoisseurs enjoy feeling the numbing sensation.
I-It must be your imagination.
What are you doing?!
Ageha-sama...
She didn't even hit me...
Due to circumstances, tonight's dinner will be made by Beni-kou.
Ren-chan...
I understand how you feel.
Ageha-sama...
The token of loyalty.
Ageha-sama!
Ageha-san, I...
Become the light!
Start!
Allow me to explain.
A stamina match.
At the moment, they're evenly matched.
Ageha-sama!
Your opponent has just come back from injuries, so cut him some slack!
You will receive points for serving the needs of your master.
Natose-san, you're not supposed to thank him.
Are you going to turn against your master?
I did it.
Ren is good, but Kojuurou isn't bad either.
The third match will test your loyalty towards your master. The master's trivia quiz!
Kojuurou! Kojuurou!
Kojuurou! Kojuurou!
Make sure you check out the PS2 game for the answer.
He wasn't his usual self from the start.
I assume he snuck out of the hospital, as he was concerned about Ageha-sama.
Vegetables of the season are inexpensive, delicious and nutritious.
Here.
Whoa...
Miyu-chan is so sweet and cute, it's worth serving you.
Have a nice day, Yume.
Yes.
Yes.
Gathering information over the internet.
Ren, call Mihato over.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
The assignment I have to submit today isn't finished yet.
Can you suddenly do something you couldn't until now?
Hey baby, come with me!
I'll let you off with your cell phone!
Should we stop them?
In your dreams!
I'm...
Since we're friends now!
Yume, never give up!
Ren...
Is this flying squirrel friend or foe?
W-What has gotten into you?
It's probably something like that...
Here goes the first song.
As your sister, I won't make the same mistake.
Yume is distressed.
Perhaps if you ask her directly, things will work out?
It can't be... Shin Onee-chan?
Amazing, Yume. I'm sure Shinra-sama will be moved.
Shin Onee-chan?
So that's what took place in Shinra-sama's room.
But, Yume doesn't have any clue.
What is it? Are you digging a grave?
Beni-kou, that's not funny.
I have to do something.
Yume!
One day, I'm going to be a big shot who nobody will ignore.
Then everybody will kneel before me and clean up the whole world!
When it's my job to protect Yume...
The cause for all this is...
And that's because...
Ren.
Welcome!
Not today.
Why don't you come inside?
Yume!
Why didn't you confide in me?
I see.
Your family?
Well, there's no room for concern if they're taking care of things.
Shinra-sama...
Huh? Yume didn't do anything.
I was told to say goodbye to Papa and Mama.
But if I did, then who would look after you guys?
Huh?
I know it must be hard on you.
But if you avoid the issue, you'll never be able to make amends with Shinra-sama.
If you talk to her properly, Shinra-sama will definitely understand.
If I'm not mistaken, you two are...
Shin Onee-chan!
I-I'm sorry!
...was only thinking... about herself...
As a token of your forgiveness towards your sister, show me a smile.
Where are you?
Of course!
Finally, the episode that sheds light on me is here!
Geez, what a persistent guy you are!
There seem to be a lot of people regretting that they can't go flower-watching. copypasta may be in wrong place, blame alcohol
Um...
I'm going to use the shower, okay?
Just who is she? punctuation
I came all the way here to pick you up.
I'm going to borrow a towel, okay?
Damn it, you traitor!
Eh?
Take good care of me, please.
I'm not asking you about that!
You're probably free because you have no one to go out on a date with, right?
Well, sorry about that!
Hiiragi...
No, not really.
Aren't you frustrated?
Mao-neechan came back?!
You'll be able to see her when school starts.
It's kind of exciting!
Ah, there... Ah... No!
Ah, geez!
You were a real bother.
Other people we know...
Sanada, is this beauty your acquaintance?
Nice to meet you. I'm Hiiragi Akira.
I'm in the Movie Research Club like they are, and the current President.
I'd prefer to do something I like after school.
Yes.
Huh?
Sakino!
We're in the same class, Aihara-kun!
I'll be having you practice with me during breaks from now on.
Futami Eriko?!
I don't need it anymore.
You said you were Aihara, right?
Are you going out with anyone?
Kyouichi and Kazuki didn't change very much.
Stop it, Kouichi!
What was that dream just now?
Then what's wrong?
Why are you mentioning him out of nowhere?
I wonder why I had that dream...
The total comes to 2,500 yen.
All right! Let's do it again.
Kouichi!...
What's up?
There's no need to worry about me, right?
I see, a cold, huh?
Don't worry about the details.
A princess will appear, a king will appear...
I guess there was no need to cheer her up.
It's nothing.
I see.
I understand.
Sakino-san is invited too,
The inspection is nothing but an excuse, though.
That's right.
It looks expensive!
When was this building made?
Even I'm better than this.
Then what's that?
Oh, by the way,
So, how's it going?
What do you mean, "what?"
Did you two kiss yet?
If you're careless, she'll be taken by another guy.
Why are you bragging?
It just came to me as I looked at this sauted foie gras.
Wait, wait, hold on a minute.
So how is it, Hiiragi?
Don't we have too many people, though?
Ah, me too! I'm counting on you.
Eh? I'm a seeker?
All right!
What does it feel like to have never met the person who has been chosen to marry you?
Let's see...
I thought it was a natural thing, so I've never really considered it before.
I think it'd be nice if we both come to have affection for one another.
Thank you.
I think so.
Hey.
Are you worried about them?
That's not it, I'm just curious.
I'm surprised to hear you say that.
Well, I'm willing to accept her good traits.
I see.
but before, it seemed like you wanted to be alone instead of being with everyone.
Bye-bye!
I think our location hunt went pretty well.
Really, that Hiiragi is asking for the impossible.
There are times when I don't know what a female character's lines should be.
You'll be late if you don't hurry.
Are you a Capricorn, Kouichi?
Ah, no...
Yuumi-chan is.
why are you worrying about her fortune rather than yours?!
Hey, Mao-neechan.
Do girls sometimes cry when they're happy?
Ah, wait, hold it!
Your skin's all smooth! You must've had a lot of collagen.
I see, I understand.
How frustrating!
but I guess not badly.
my lucky point was sauted foie gras.
Udon! Udon!
But...
Okay, let's go.
Do you want to go to some restaurant?
It's all right.
Yeah, I told you this is what happens when I'm serious.
They might have left already.
What are you going to do when you can't play soccer anymore?
How could I have made a mistake like this?
Of course, please, step in.
Shall we eat?!
I-I see.
I'm glad he's a nice doctor.
I did it! I finished the script for the movie!
It looks like you're getting into it.
One, two...
Get better with this!
Is that edible? Is it good?
Thanks, I'll eat it with pleasure.
Thanks...
Ah, morning.
It makes me feel a bit lonely.
Everyone please head to your homeroom.
Well, how do you say... It just kind of happened.
So you like her.
Without you, I can't even practice.
I'll give you mine too.
Later, Sanada.
so please help!
Sorry, sorry, I'll watch you next time.
I'll try for it anyway, since the chance is still there.
In comparison, Kouichi...
Even so, it's kind of surprising.
This boat, you know...
Hurry up, Kai-kun! Over here!
Hello, these two, please.
It's one hundred yen for the two.
Well, yeah...
What's wrong?
I wanted to at least spend my time having fun with you.
Even if you transfer, we'll always be together.
I have the experiment with Futami-san, too.
Wait, that's on the day of the match!
Yeah.
Um, it's not like I came to see you to kill time.
I'll be playing.
But...
The first day of summer began with wonderful weather.
I'll be okay. I'll just eat what's here.
Really?
It's a chance for me.
I want to change.
and be a bit more reckless.
They're good.
Aihara.
Come on, onii-chan!
That was a nice clear, Aihara!
Thank you!
I want to eat something girly, like chocolate cake!
Now? Nothing, really.
What about you?
Do you want to come see him, too?
Geez, why are you answering so seriously?
I think this place is fine.
I'm sure Yuumi-chan will be happy, too.
Play the lead lovers.
I'll do it too.
Tell mom I'll be home late, okay?
I'll be looking forward to them, okay?
Ah, yes.
I'm sorry.
What are we going to do about our search for a new heroine, though?
Um, I've been thinking but...
Just by imagining it, there's a person who's perfect for the role nearby.
I would have felt bad for interfering with your practice.
Yeah, but...
It's a great name.
I thought it wasn't my thing.
She's just not picking up...
Then, you know his dreams for the future too?
He dislikes shiita-
Oh no, it's already this late?
I've got to go shopping.
You don't need to feel so down.
And it's...
Yuumi-chan cares so much for you.
I was...
Ah, he seemed to be making a call.
you worked really hard.
I will, thanks.
Now's the time.
I kind of feel out of place here.
Maybe I was too into it...
While I didn't notice it myself.
Bye.
What did you think of it?
It's fine, don't worry about it.
Welcome home, Mao-neechan.
Did something happen?
I'm fine, nothing is wrong.
Yeah.
Thanks.
where you two walk down the beach after the confession.
Okay, let's hurry up, everyone!
All right, on to scene thirty-two.
Ready, start!
That's a good idea.
This is a really wonderful caf.
Did you two come here to do a location hunt?
Do you mean a date?
Thanks.
I was so happy, and now I'm a bit braver.
Are you awake, Mao-neechan?
Isn't the air conditioner set a bit too high?
What's wrong?
Why do people love?
Kissing.
And you're doing experiments?!
It was really good, huh?
Let's end the experiments.
Yeah.
Morning.
What is it?
Racing games.
Hey, let's go take a look.
I came to visit.
Sakino...
Is it about Futami-san?
Do you want to go look for one later?
Which one should I pick?
Thank you!
So you're not going to tell me.
Am I that untrustworthy?
Maybe I could live with Kouichi, then.
You're busy with dates too, aren't you?
No, I'm sorry as well.
But it's really nothing, so don't worry.
Good luck on the next scene!
Hoshino-san!
Actually, I didn't do anything.
What is it?
That's why I won't let you cry again!
What are you saying? You wrote it, didn't you?
Why me?
Damn that Nana, she doesn't even care about me.
What's wrong?
Why do people fall in love?
to see him together with Yuumi-chan.
How is Mao-neechan?
Summer is going to end after tomorrow.
I wish we could have a longer vacation.
Oh, Sakino, what is it?
I'll let you two talk alone now.
Nothing special.
The swings, huh?
Come?
Thanks.
I don't think anyone knows why they fall in love.
In the end, people are alone. SO RONREY
No.
Thanks for worrying.
Won't you become my husband?
I've prepared some tea over there.
It's snack time!
It's all thanks to you.
I can't leave you alone!
Tell me if there's anything I can do for you.
Stop it!
But you still like him, don't you, Mao-neechan?
Wake up, onii-chan!
Maybe I should start living on my own.
It'll be lonely being by myself!
I also know that you like her.
Wait, I have a soccer match at twelve.
All right, I'm counting on you, then.
Let's do it! U-U-don!
Eh? Where?
Sorry.
Aren't you working hard with the movie, too?
Y-Yeah, but it's just a movie, after all.
and then, I just couldn't get you out of my mind.
Just what exactly do you think the importance of the area where the audience will be watching is?
It's unfortunate, but not yet.
The same way, too.
Oh no...
Director, Hiiragi... Minmin?
Then, let's discuss once more why we need "club"! Probably better as, "Then, let's discuss once more why we need to be a "club"!"
All done! We got the best spot!
You look so sad...
I'm transferring the day after the school festival ends.
No way, we just became friends, too.
But, leaving all of you is...
When our new udon is done, we'll send it to you!
Hurry up, Naru-chan!
But, I can't stand it anymore.
Then, we could've said that we liked each other normally.
I love you.
I love you, too.
That acting was really realistic!
I'm so moved!
My contact has been acting up lately. they always say this shitty line
Mao-neechan.
Hey, onii-chan! What do you think?
Onii-chan!
Want to conduct an experiment?
You should go to sleep, Mao-neechan.
Well, it was only opening day.
N-Not really...
Morning, Aihara.
Aihara, after the entrance ceremonies, meet up at the school's entrance.
Here, please join the Movie Research Club, Nana-chan.
Um...
That's enough already!
I'll let you go for today, but if I see it next time, I'll confiscate it! grammar
So, who is it?
Futami Eriko, a student from 2nd Year Class C.
Come on, Kouichi!
I did set it! I did!
I'm sure!
Futami Eriko?
No, it's nothing weird or anything like that. grammar
This is your share, Aihara.
We're the Movie Research Club!
Aihara-kun!
If you're inviting, help us then!
I'm Satonaka Narumi from 1st Year Class A.
Why is Juliet-chan in an udon strainer? better word for scoop needed
How observant! I'm amazed you noticed!
Sorry, Nana!
You're good!
That's a sax, right? wondering if theres a need to use SaxaphoneH: sax is fine
If you're not taking entrance exams, what are you going to do?
When I talk to you, I won't mention entrance exams at all.
A year full of only entrance exams would be boring.
I want a lot of friends, too! grammar
In exchange, talk to me too, Kai-kun.
I'm glad!
You were looking for me?
About what?
There he is!
Spill it already!
What's she planning to do?
Um...
I guess unusual things can happen, too.
What?
And a bother.
She said that she empathized with the heroine too much.
Really? Yay!
Is there anything else?
There was a call to the school saying that she wasn't feeling well,
All right, that was it. That's the feeling.
No, but...
So, I came to see you.
No, but...
Hey.
I was packing up my stuff late into the night, yesterday.
You're packing already?
Making quick decisions and striking while the iron's hot, they say.
I'll be moving on Sunday next week.
Be a bit more happy about it!
Someone goes into a box like this,
Something like a haunted house, huh?
It looks like it'll be popular with the girls, though.
Good morning!
Morning!
Oh, Hiiragi.
Is it really okay for us to use these, Shijou-san?
Yes, if you'd like, we still have a lot in our storehouse.
Please try this!
This is the ultimate udon the Udon Association will be introducing during the school festival!
Why are there first-years with Futami?
Ah, Shijou-sempai!
It's good.
Look.
Yeah!
Futami-sempai said that it was good!
Isn't it? Isn't it?
Sorry.
Sorry, sorry!
You're not with Kouichi today?
Hiiragi-kun grabbed him and had him help with the editing.
I heard what Sanada-kun and Aihara-kun were talking about.
You're moving once the school festival is over, right?
Aihara.
Yes!
Show me the results of your training.
Morita.
Congratulations. I'm happy for you.
Sakino's playing too, so I can't lose!
It's not an official match, so girls can participate, too.
Hoshino-san she had to get ready to move, too,
It's your moving gift.
What are you saying? It's expensive!
This kind of thing is an examinee's rival, you know!
If I'm tempted by it even just once, I'll...
Okay.
Okay.
Let's see, perhaps fifty would be-
I'll go make more copies, then.
They might be a bit heavy for a girl to carry on her own.
Eh? What?
Hey, come help the class, too!
I hope the school festival will be fun.
Thanks, Kai-kun!
Have things calmed down?
I was thinking of going to a university.
What the heck are you doing, Asuka?
Ah, s-sorry.
You haven't been concentrating during practice, either.
How is it, grandpa?
You told me it's not good to be half-hearted, right?
Okay, let's do it.
No.
If I could go back to that time...
Hold on.
Forget it, let's just party!
Could you buy some drinks at the convenience store and bring them to Satonaka's?
O-Okay.
Hoshino-san.
I'll go cut the cake in the back.
Why didn't you tell me about this?
You just found out about it too, onii-chan.
How about you join us, Futami-san?
Iwao-sama!
Who did you call?
I'm jealous that Aihara-san and Nana-chan always get along so well.
See you later.
Hoshino-san.
So, it's finally done?
Oh yeah, what time is the screening again?
I was planning to do that. We promised yesterday, too.
What about the reception?
You just don't know when to give up, huh?
Forget about me, let's go around to places you want to see, okay?
You only have a bit of time left!
Damn, I'm getting sleepy.
I want to go around with Futami-san too.
Yeah, I was really scared.
We didn't get the go-ahead from your grandpa,
Welcome!
Naru-chan, Naru-chan!
Our ultimate udon is finally finished!
You two did your best.
Yeah, it makes me jealous.
I'm glad a lot of customers came!
You're good, Kai-kun!
So cool!
Good job.
All right, time for the match!
I'm going to do my best.
Listen.
Are you patrolling?
Nice cut!
Amazing...
He said player selection!
But, I...
Thanks.
Nana!
tell her to call my cell phone.
It can't be...
That band's costumes were great, but couldn't say the same for their music, huh?
We have delicious homemade crepes in 3-C!
Since when were you two so close?
Sure.
You're alone, Yuumi-chan? Where's Kouichi?
I see, that's great.
You're moving tomorrow, after all.
All right, I have to go around and advertise.
Bye.
Your phone, right? Kawada-sensei has it.
Oh, thanks.
Mizusawa used to make that face a lot, too.
I see, sorry for asking when you're busy.
That's not true.
I'm sorry, Sakino.
"Thanks," huh?
Good luck on your exams as well, Mizusawa.
I know!
Raise your head.
That's what I decided.
And I lied to you.
A second degree black belt in judo.
Good morning, Kuryuu-san.
but the reason is very simple.
Just having someone to like makes even your empty mornings feel great.
How sad.
I'm not!
Would you like to have a role in the independent movie our Movie Club is producing?
It's a love story that follows a young man suffering from love.
Geez...
He keeps talking about stupid things, so I gave him a stern warning.
He said I'm missing out on life by not experiencing romance.
It's not weird at all.
Really?
Isn't it cuter when it's shorter?
Is romance that important?
Are you going to practice now, Sakino-san?
Yeah, my family runs a dojo.
I guess romance doesn't have much to do with these girls.
Just what kind of problem would letting your hair down cause?
Kuryuu-san.
N-No.
It's okay, you're usually early.
No, as the public morals officer, this is the natural thing for me to do.
You think about the person you like, and become so excited that you can't sleep.
And when we go to school together the next day, we'd both sneeze.
Do you have a fever or something?
He might even be taller than the students in our dojo.
Going to leave now?
A senior?
Yeah, an older guy is calmer and might be more reliable.
Sneaking around like this isn't good.
Heroine, The Millionth...
It fell here.
It'd be a problem if you lost it, right?
Action movies.
Oh yeah, I like that part too,
Yeah...
Ah, anytime is good, though.
Right, Naru-chan?
She seemed to be in a good mood.
Kuryuu-san.
Do you think I can even experience romance?
I have a fianc my parents selected for me.
I've never met him once, either.
But still, I have no idea how it'll feel.
It feels like I dreamt something...
Is your mom out?
I see.
I see.
Ah, wait!
That was refreshing!
You got a new television!
Hey, Kouichi!
Are you there?
I'm going to borrow a towel, okay?
You're staying here? Where are your mom and dad? line sounds so bad in english but I know it's the proper translation structure
That's our school!
Don't talk to me.
gorilla
Aren't you frustrated?
Eh?!
It's kind of exciting!
Mao-neechan?! What is it?!
Let's go, Kouichi!
All right. I guess I'll start playing seriously now.
What?!
Maybe, I should just take the day off? punctuation
You know what? I'm entering Kibina High School!
Looks like it's going to be a fun life in high school! structure
Hey! Stop trying to enlist members indiscriminately.
I'm your homeroom teacher, Kawada.
By the way, I saw you talking to Sanada-kun and the others earlier. Do you know them?
Yes.
Do you go to cram school?
Did the teachers want something?
Could it have been exam counseling? timing
Bye.
Excuse me...
So, I did the test after coming back today.
So...
It's been two years, but I'm back home! structure
I look good in a sailor uniform, right?
W-What do you mean?
How did it feel?
Eh... um...
Eh?
Today...?
I'm starting to get the hang of it now!
You couldn't get up today either, right?
I wanted to ask everyone for their numbers though.
Well, it was only opening day.
This?
Meet up?
Here, please join the Movie Research Club, Nana-chan.
Could this be... that gorilla...?
Yeah, she seems familiar...
she takes ballet, piano and various other things.
Um...
We'll be going on ahead.
That's enough already!
Her?
Futami Eriko, a student from 2nd Year Class C.
It's because you overslept, Mao-neechan!
Safe...
I...
You're a member of the Soccer Club too, right?
I thought I finally got her to join, but now she got away... structure
This school is pretty enthusiastic about clubs.
Are you taking entrance exams?
The others don't do anything but talk about exams.
It's a real bother... trying to have a conversation with them. it's such a bore...to talk to them. need hachi to tlcH: looked it over and think it should be "It's a real bother having to match conversations with them"
You're aiming to become a professional musician? structure
I see! I see!
Futami-san!
Didn't you notice it?
Ah, sorry. I'm not interested.
Get the gorilla! Go!
What's her name?
D-Don't!
KISS! KISS! Im in love.
Under this bright sunlight,
which has stopped the flow of time.
If there are whisperings and smiles,
Kibina.
What about a kiss?
But...
I see.
He's making me angry! structure
W-What the heck are you saying?
No, it's okay, really! grammar
M-Mao-neechan!
W-Well about that...
Okay!
Why Hiiragi?
How about you join the Mo85 90v100 100ie Research Club?
It might be better if there's no one else.
We did it!
They beat us...
It can't be helped. Let's do it, Kouichi.
Why do I ha85 90v100 100e to do this?
Healing Beam!
The Healing Beam!
Eh?
Let me hear you perform next time!
If it's possible, please forget that.
I-It was nothing.
last frame of KimiKiss Logo
This never-ending LOOP,
Im accelerating so fast that I cant stop moving.
KISS! KISS! Im in love.
which has stopped the flow of time.
Barely in sight,
Okay, see you tomorrow.
Why are you simply going home?
Listen,grammar
It'll all go to waste if you don't go anywhere with it, right?
D-Don't tell me, they're love letters?
She was a player?
Nana-chan and the others...grammar
Yes! I did it! or All right! seems better here
It feels like I've done a year's worth of exercise.
That's problematic then!
Really, really?!grammar
You're popular after all,grammar
instead of putting it inside my shoe locker.
I don't feel well.
I-I made it somehow.
Go ahead.grammar
If you don't like it, you should just clearly reject them.
I'm really weak in the mornings,grammar
Sorry, please let me use a bed.
You can just take the one beside me.
Not really, I just don't feel like going to class.grammar
Did I ask something weird?
Yeah, I realized while I was editing it... grammar
It just seemed to lack some reality. better choice of words needed
But...grammar
Did you forget that I treated you to ice cream on the way home yesterday?
If you're going to break your promise, pay me back 100 yen!
I'm not sure if I'll be of any help,grammar
Yes.
You were able to stop my dribble.
That was the first time someone stopped me so perfectly.
that should be okay, right?grammar
Eh?
He doesn't listen to me, and becomes all gloomy.grammar
last frame of KimiKiss Logo
This never-ending LOOP,
and blue sky,
Sanada-kun!
It was educational though, right?
I'm sure that person is...
Maybe, our place would be better after all? grammar
Don't worry, it'll be fine. grammar
Morning, Nana-chan!
What's wrong, onii-chan?
Nana, next line is part of the same thought
Karaoke box?
Can I really come?
Eh?!
Okay!
Hello.
Ah... Um,
Um... So what kind of karate book are you looking for?
I see.
M-Mao-neechan!
A welcoming party at a karaoke box?
Okay!
I couldn't find anyone else, so it couldn't be helped! structure
Can you sing this, Nana-chan?
Do you want to come to the w-a-s-h-r-o-o-m with me? some kind of alpha fading would be good here
Or, would you rather sing with Kouichi? grammar
Let's go back together.
We did it!
They beat us...
The Healing Beam!
Then I'll make him take you to the station.
Hey! Mao-neechan!
I... don't mind...grammar
Yes! See you tomorrow!
I wonder if things are going well for Kouichi?
What are you doing here, Kai-kun?!
they let me use their equipment and practice before opening.
You mean your sax?
I'm just not used to getting together with others and doing things,
If it's possible, please forget that.
A-And after school and...
All right, I'm going to do my best too! grammar
Sorry, did you wait long?
You'll know when we get there.
The person that was playing the sax? O: The person that was playing the sax? structure
That's how it always is the first time.structure
Let's see...
There's a sax in that song too, if I recall.
Don't you regret doing all of this so halfheartedly?!don't change this. for consistency
Hey, is it true onii-chan?
It doesn't concern you.don't change this. for consistency
Fine,grammar
I'll watch "Harusuna" with Iwao-kun!grammar and consistantcy
Iwao-sama!
Good morning, Mizusawa-sempai!
R-Really?
It wasn't that bad.
The screenplay for the mo8590v100100ie.
Well, I guess.
Also, a Russian writer said that stories are born,grammar
Maybe you should do that!
Let me hear it right away, then.
It's Futami-san.
I-It's not that.
Hey, Aihara!
and you jumped off of the swings.structure
That Kouichi...
Come on, hurry up!grammar
Eh?
It's really nostalgic.
What's wrong? Hurry up and translate it.grammarstructure
but to ascertain your abilities, you should learn to study.grammar
You promised that you'd let me hear you play sometime, right?
Then let's meet after school, at the gates.separated afterschoolgrammar
Do you know where Ka8780z100100uki is, Sakino?
I guess I'll eat first then.
Oh, I see.
Are you going to hand in a blank sheet again?
I see.
I'm home.
Okay, thanks!
Unlike you, I don't ha8590v100100e anything I want to do.
I wonder if Mao-neechan will be back soon.
I'm home!
There's a math problem I don't understand.grammar
Well, people change after two years.
I didn't hear the details though.
If it's about lo8590v100100e, I'll help you anytime.
It seems like she seriously has no moti8590v100100ation at all.
I see.
What's wrong?
Ah, that's not it.
I'll see you later then.
It'll be more fun with more people.
Well...spx: Well...
Then, with pleasure.
I thought you wouldn't come if I didn't tell you that.
That might be true, but...grammar
For this sentence, you start using an "S".
Also, when I see you trying your best,
Um...
What are you saying?
Let's go then!
She's always been smart.
Yahoo!spx: lolwut
Thanks to them, I feel kind of moti8590v100100ated now.
I'm still in rehab though.
Thank you!
Thanks to you, I didn't fail any tests!
I guess this is what you call a high school ordeal.
I am here because of your kiss,
Midterms are o8590v100100er now,
calls the boy to the beach,
It's simple, but quite engrossing.
What's this? 
Can't we stay for a little bit?
The time to lea8590v100100e was quite a while ago.
My seniors from the Mo8590v100100ie Research Club are looking for a place to hold meetings.
This dashi is quite something.
Yeah. Well, no, I'm not seriously trying to become one or anything.
What's with that face? It's a good story.
You just came back from France, after all.
I said that I'd help...
How about you play it, Yuumi-chan?
That's right. You can do that in addition to helping out with the screenplay. 
Well then, Nana, you do it.
Pushing it a bit?
I see... 
Her hand sure is small.
It hurts.
Eh?
It was passi8590v100100e, but it's a step forward.
No.
What are you putting on them?
Me?
By all means, it's normal.
No, it's definitely not normal!
Then how about we conduct an experiment?
No luck with 2-B either.
Huh?
Is that someone from her class?
Well, let's go.
Hiiragi?
We don't know who it is yet.
What kind of things do you learn?
If there's anything other than the role of the heroine, I'll help! 
Just being there is fine.
It's nothing.
Matsumoto-san?
No, it's really ama8780z100100ing.
I'm glad! Then...
Let's meet up at Satonaka's later, Sanada.
Let's go in.
Crap.
What? Is there something on my face?
It's good.
I'm sorry for suddenly saying those things yesterday.
Are you okay with that?
I hope you can come to lo8590v100100e him.
Hey, aren't they preparing?
It's okay, it's okay!
That makes it my tenth win in a row.
I talked to you about my childhood friend, right?
So he's called Kouichi.
You two get along well?
This is good!
How's the taste of Satonaka's udon, Futami-san?
Nice to meet you. I'm Nana, Aihara Ka8780z100100uki's sister.
You two went alone to eat ramen, isn't that a date?
Take care!
It's finally time for the long-awaited swimming tournament!
I knock on the door to your heart,
Your RUBY eyes are what absorb me in.
but the people acting will be amateurs.
That?
I'll help too!
But, I guess boys are interested in girls wearing swimsuits after all.
Ah, I guess this is the first time you'8590v100100e both met him.
It'll be a problem if I forget this.
so I need these.
Asuka-sempai!
I went through a lot in order for the noodles to not get soggy, regardless of the time.
I'm sure you'll think it's delicious.
Perhaps it's as good as the berry-berry ramen, too.
She was a bit too enthusiastic and got a cramp in her leg.
Well, just lea8590v100100e the rest to me.
False start, you're disqualified.
We need Asuka-sempai after all!
What should we do?
Do you want to lose?
You'll lose for sure with that leg.
It might ha8590v100100e been because of your special udon.
A swimsuit, right?
Oh, it's okay.
What's wrong, Mao-neechan?
Stay still, I'll look for it.
Kouichi!
Morning.
You're acting pretty weird this morning.
You had a fight with Kai-san or something?
I don't know!
Mao-neechan.
Is there anything you'd like me to buy?
You wanted to talk to me about something, right?
What's wrong with her?
Did I look so down?
You know, relati8590v100100es rarely get together, yeah?
Bye.
W-Where were you walking around in this rain?!
You're so helpless.
Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow.
There's no need to worry about me, right?
What's up?
I was forced to practice with Sakino in the rain yesterday.
Brother!
And then it came to me.
A-A princess?
I'm glad.
Auntie said they'll be coming home late.
I asked him to keep it a secret.
but instead you found a sax.
This never-ending LOOP,
Im accelerating so fast that I cant stop moving.
All right, I'll be with you shortly.
I'm not really sure, but it seems like a fitting house for a lady.
Oh!
It seems like Shijou-san had already invited her by the time I called her.
So, without further ado,
W-We look out of place here.
Sorry for intruding.
Could you guide us around the house?
About how long will this take?
T-That many...?
Really, really?
That's a semperflorens.
Y-Yes?
please have a taste.
so I had various dishes prepared.
It's passable.
Isn't it?
It's nothing, really.
Agreed!
Oh, I got red.
We're together, so let's do our best.
Yeah.
Five!
Is that so?
Sure.
I'd like to ask something personal too. How about you, Mizusawa-sempai?
M-Me?
Thank you.
It would be nice if we could stay like this forever.
I think so.
What was?
We'll see you at school tomorrow.
Yeah, I have a good image of it now.
There are times when I don't know what a female character's lines should be.
The cooking at Shijou-sempai's place was really good!
Ah, I feel a storm coming!
a cycle that goes out of spin,
my kiss will reach...
What's wrong? Did something happen after all?
You will have a calm and quiet day.
Morning, Mao-neechan.
At around 5pm, it will become more cloudy.
Even if the chance of rain is low, you should bring your umbrella.
Hey, Mao-neechan.
Do girls sometimes cry when they're happy?
Don't tell me you made Yuumi-chan cry!
No, that's not what I mean.
Eh? That's not true.
All your fortunes are at their peaks!
Did something good happen to you?
Hey, how did you do, Sanada-kun?
What about you?
I'm so hungry.
make a special udon, and bring it to you in the science room.
Are you sure they'll go together?
Udon! Udon!
Your grade is a lot better than mine.
I like the way you are now, since I can relate to you more.
It makes me feel a bit lonely.
Ah, no.
Can... we hold hands?
Yeah, but if you get a little too cocky...
How could I have made a mistake like this?
Ah, thank you.
Shall we eat?!
How was it?
They told me not to strain my body for two weeks,
Um... Aihara-kun...
I did it! I finished the script for the movie!
It was all thanks to Hoshino-san.
Only you...
A girl in a swimsuit and a kiss scene...
It looks like you're getting into it.
Yeah, it's a just light sprain, so it should only take a week for it to heal.
Asuka-sempai!
Chicken wing udon filled with collagen!
We improved on the lunch box we made during the swimming competition.
She's still injured.
Thanks...
Ah, morning.
And that concludes the assembly.
Are you all right?
Hey, what are you saying? It's creepy.
That's not true.
I don't think Futami-san would get along with you just like that.
I'm amazed that you completed it.
I only helped a bit.
I see, getting along is a beautiful thing.
Homework sure is troublesome.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Sakino, how was I?
Ah, sorry.
All right!
In comparison, Kouichi...
Riding a train like this is kind of nice sometimes.
Thanks for treating me.
Is something wrong?
Is there somewhere you want to go to?
A boat...
I'd like to ride a boat with you.
Here.
Kai-kun...
Ah, it's nothing. It's dark now, is it alright for you to be out this late?
It's summer vacation tomorrow, anyway.
Let's be together for a bit longer.
Sanada-kun...
Wait, that's on the day of the match!
I'll get a job, save up, and come see you every week.
It will be sunny throughout the nation this weekend,
Yes, since I'm back in Japan now,
Wake up, Kouichi!
So that's why you're planning a date.
That's why I'm looking for a job now.
The beach?
I wanted to at least spend my time having fun with you.
Overworking myself, huh?
I would've gotten a foul if I did.
What's up?
It's a live show where several bands will play.
Is someone you know playing?
A member ran out from a group,
If you're angry, then hurry up and become a starting member.
Eh?! Futami-san?!
So, this is the ability of a top four team...
I want to change.
You were really great today!
That's just like you, to agree with it.
that was my real ability.
Hello.
I think it's a nice place, and it fits you.
Kouichi really likes Yuumi-chan.
Play the lead lovers.
If you don't grab a hold of her, she'll leave and go someplace else.
Later.
It's canceled today, grammarspelling
It's been a month since we went to karaoke with everyone, a month!grammar
It'll all go to waste if you don't go anywhere with it, right?
Yuumi-chan is cute,grammar
do you have someone you like?grammar
If you're looking for Kazuki, then...grammar
She's in the same class as us.structure
Eh?
Nana-chan and the others...grammar
Ah, shoot!
Pull it together, onii-chan!
Lame.grammar
You didn't even run around half as much as Asuka-chan did.grammar didn't she say Asuka-chan?
I wouldn't want to go out with you either!grammar
Yeah!
Ah, I just got here. No, I just got here would be a proper answer
That Kouichi sure said something to make me worry about.
I'm fine.
Do you have low blood pressure too?
I was thinking of letting you handle the screenplay for our next project.structure
Eh?!
Put all your feelings into it.
But...grammar
Are you all right, Mizusawa-san?
It must be tough having low blood pressure.
Yeah, I'm fine now.
No, that'd be too sudden, huh?
It's been decided that I'm going to write the screenplay,grammar
Yeah, I want you to help me, Hoshino-san.
I'm not sure if I'll be of any help,grammar
Eh?
that should be okay, right?grammar
No matter how good I become, I can't enter matches!
Thanks for this morning.
Eh?
Okay.
Start!
You're just m-my-my...
Cut!
W-W-What are you saying?
I don't want to cause any more trouble for everyone.
Don't worry about it.
That's the problem.
I'm really looking forward to it!
Yeah, but...
I thought it wasn't my thing.
Welcome back.
Oh my, oh my, oh my!
By the way, his favorite foods are fried chicken and omelettes.
Don't worry, she went out.
We were waiting for you.
Yuumi-chan cares so much for you.
You're surrounded!
Or something like that.
Oh yeah, there was one...
Kiss scene.
It's okay.
I didn't mean to look at you like that.
This is for the movie!
I'll call you again.
a cycle that goes out of spin,
and blue sky,
Its my first time having these feelings.
my kiss will reach...
Good work, Kai-kun.
Mizusawa?
Okay.
How was Kai-san's live show?
I had a lot of fun at the beach, too.
You're completely into the role!
Thanks.
Let's try one more time, then.
Sorry, it was kind of r-rou...
The yakisoba and the blue hawaii are mine.
No, don't worry about it.
It's because I caused everyone trouble last time.
Today's a day off from filming, so I'll just take it easy.
Don't worry about me.
Looks like your leg is all better.
Why have you been worrying about your phone the entire time?
Hey, Sakino, what do you think?
Sorry, I shouldn't be talking to you about this.
Come on, let's go.
I don't think my leg is completely healed yet, after all.
H-Hey!
Wait!
Then, do you know why people love?
It's all thanks to you. Thank you.
I cried a bit at the end too.
And that picture book...
I'm glad.
Yeah.
and when she gets home, she locks herself in her room.
I see.
That just means she's very close to Kai-sempai.
Hey, let's go take a look.
She doesn't think anything of you.
And you're doing experiments?!
No, nothing.
Welcome back.
We missed each other again.
No, the filming took up all my time, so I couldn't do it.
Yeah.
Ah, hello? Shijou-san?
Ah, there it is.
I thought it'd be good to transfer into the third year at a Japanese high school,
It worries me.
I'm sorry about before.
I was worried because you looked sad.
Okay!
Don't say it like you understand.
Okay! Good work, you two.
Here's the water.
What's wrong?
Come on in for a drink.
If so, you should stay alone right from the start. bum bum bummmmm...
frist frame of KimiKiss Logo
and runs towards you.
I see.
Where were you walking, to become like that?
We have to go to school the day after tomorrow.
No way, why do I have to go there with my sister at this age?
You're really a heaven-sent help.
Come.
Come?
That's why...
Sorry for the wait, here's your chilled udon!
Thank you.
Yeah, her fever has gone down a bit since the morning.
It's because I asked her to take on the role.
But...
Ready...
Sanada-san.
Sorry!
I've prepared some tea over there.
I'll treat you to something as thanks,
Ah...
Why, you say?
But you still like him, don't you, Mao-neechan?
Mao-neechan was kind, strong, and brilliant.
I am here because of your kiss,
which has stopped the flow of time.
Morning.
Lie.
I also know that you like her.
Mao-neechan...
Y-Yeah, sorry for making you worry.
I told you I was okay.
Silence!
Leaving aside that everyone will split up to make games,
Then, there won't be any problem since it ends at eleven.
We need two people for twelve to one now.
I've been interested in cooking for a while.
Hey, you guys... Homeroom has already started.
It's first come, first serve for the class assignment.
Have you seen Aihara-kun?
Y-You're right.
Do you want something?
"Kissing for an experiment is wrong."
Let's do our best!
Look Sanada.
Let's do our best.
Director, Hiiragi... Minmin?
Ah, but it'll be better to show them after we fix his name.
Hoshino-sempai!
Yeah, did you finish registering the Udon Association?
I wish the school festival would come sooner.
No way, we just became friends, too.
Yes, he said he'd come see me every week.
Everyone...
By just being a little bit brave...
It's something Sanada-kun taught me.
It doesn't matter how we met!
Ah, that was great!
Yeah, I'm fine.
Its my first time having these feelings.
What should I do? My throbbing heart doesnt know,
Your RUBY eyes are what absorb me in.
Don't worry.
About me...
To be honest, it was tough.
That's why I decided I'd stand with my own legs.
Studies for exams are going to be serious now, right?
Morning, Kouichi.
The truth is, I just couldn't hold it in any longer.
I don't understand what's going on anymore.
W-What are you saying?
I didn't think Hoshino-san would be absent-minded during class.
I know you said that the experiments were over.
I... like...
And a bother.
Yesterday...
Hey, Sanada-kun.
Let's work hard and make some delicious udon!
It doesn't matter how we met!
I'll let you have some when we complete it, okay?
so she would be absent for a few days.
I might not have been serious about it before.
It doesn't matter how we met.
It doesn't matter, step forward!
So, here.
I don't need them.
And be hated...
I don't know.
and runs towards you.
I am here because of your kiss,
You're packing already?
What are you being so conceited for?
My class is doing a mini-game park,
What is your class doing, Futami-san?
It looks like it'll be popular with the girls, though.
I know, let's go in together.
That's pretty rare, since we don't have morning practice.
What are you saying?
What's wrong? You sleepy, too?
First, a notice.
I have the dvd for it!
Ah, no...
It's really surprising!
Alright?
She probably won't be at my house.
Did you have a fight with her or something?
Then where? And why so suddenly?
What's up?
Um, Mizusawa-sempai.
I heard what Sanada-kun and Aihara-kun were talking about.
A mini-game park, right?
It's my last school festival, too.
Mao-neechan?!
I see.
You're so cruel!
It's not like we won't be able to see each other again.
I'm moving, but it's within walking distance.
This kind of thing is an examinee's rival, you know!
You can have it back, Kouichi.
Yeah.
The scenery is changing.
But, what is this pain?
What should I do? My throbbing heart doesnt know,
Let's walk around together...
I see, so you've decided on your first school of choice.
A university is a place where you face what you want to do.
Oh yeah, Mao-neechan...
O-Okay.
I have something to talk-
At least have one person come and help!
Yes?
We've got to make the tickets after we finish with the pamphlets.
Hm, I think we need more.
Ow, ow, ow!
What's up with you?
Where did you go, Aihara-kun?
Excuse me.
Okay, let's do it.
so I haven't had enough sleep.
It feels like it's been a long time.
Don't mention it, Sanada.
You'll be moving the day after tomorrow,
Ah, no, it's nothing.
Um, you two will continue going out even though Hoshino-san is moving, right?
I'm behind on my studies, too.
See you tomorrow!
Okay, that's a promise!
Um...
Okay, out you go.
I'm sure they'd enjoy some time alone.
You're planning to skip?
Ah, no, no, that's not it.
Thanks.
Are you awake now?
It's all right.
What's with your costume?
Did you have fun?
Grandpa...
Thank you!
How about trying some homemade-style crepes?
So cool!
All right, time for the match!
Ah, we're the Movie Research Club.
Aihara-kun...
Thank you.
I didn't think he'd be chosen for the starting line-up.
You don't need to worry then, I know you can do it!
Sakino?
I'm disgusted with myself for saying it now, but...
Just go to Futami-san!
She hasn't come yet?
I am here because of your kiss,
the translucent door to your heart looks like it is opening now.
Nana!
Make sure you eat a lot, okay?
Do you want me to relay something to her?
What's wrong?
Sorry, I'm going to go get it.
You're alone, Yuumi-chan? Where's Kouichi?
Kouichi and Kazuki suddenly found someone that they liked and chased them.
I forgot something.
You know her feelings, don't you?
All I can do is chase after her. It's kind of pathetic.
That's not true at all.
Everyone is afraid.
Hey.
It's all thanks to you two!
I'm happy.
In the end, we didn't have enough pamphlets.
Don't get carried away just because I helped you.
Come on, let's go, it's our last school festival.
Seeing you hesitate just because you have homework seemed like a lie.
I might not participate in the concour.
I know!
I made a promise with you, right?
Raise your head.
Futami-san...
But...
Go after her now!
and keeps searching for the solution, even now.
Shall we go now?
Kai-kun!
Truthfully, I don't know.
you were really something else when you were practicing by yourself. grammarstructure
You're wrong!
Ah, no.grammar
Come on!
Yesterday, onii-chan and I...
No, I didn't mean that!
Hey, let's all go together next time!structure
You're like a son who went through a time-slip,grammar
to learn the basics of love from his father-in-law.
Huh?
We tried to copy you, and were so scared that we couldn't really jump.grammarstructure
It'll be fine, Kouichi did it too!grammar
What's wrong? Hurry up and translate it.grammarstructure
Want to go home together, Sanada? FABULOUS
Are you going to work now?
And I as well, Juliet!added an "And" in the beginning. more romantique
was at a loss of what to do, that he committed suicide with a pistol.grammarstructure
then, he is tormented by his parent's torture for many years, and later commits suicide himself.grammarstructure
I like that one!
That's not it!
He said to bring you again.
Really, then maybe I'll go there today!grammar
We'll take a break from the experiment.
Students are prohibited from being here while tests are being conducted.grammar
What are you going to do about the test, Futami-san?
Sakino!
I asked you this before,grammar
I wonder if Mao-neechan will be back soon.
Mao-neechan did, huh?
Are you serious?!
I guess you'll find out if you ask him after school in the library.
If I won't be in the way then...
Well...spx: Well...
If I'm okay with you then...
I'm not sure if I'll be of any help though.
Here! It was Watson and Crick!grammar
No, it's because you did your best, Asuka-chan.
How about associating it with something you like?
Let's make a good country! World cup!grammar
Yeah.
Let's keep going.
Really.
You're in rehab and you got this?
I guess this is what you call a high school ordeal.
and bring to light any difficulties the film may meet with.
Um, there are still loose ends,
Damn it.
Let's continue at the store.
You want to become an udon chef too, right, Naru-chan?
but also to create an original menu.
Nello...
Nello and Patrache died!
How cute!
"Well then"?
I'm helping Naru-chan make udon,
so I can't do it!
It's against school regulations.
You'd be perfect for athletic roles, though. not 'athetlic'
So, that's why I'm also helping to look for a heroine. 
Mayonnaise and honey?
Experiment?
Then how about we conduct an experiment?
Is that someone from her class?
Hiiragi?
Actually, I met Shijou-san by chance while I was in the music room.
Yes.
When I was young, it was decided by our families.
Yeah, thanks.
Yes. 
No, just listening to the performances is fun.
A second degree black belt in judo.
But still...
but the reason is very simple.
Love. Romance.
Foremost, a student's main priority should be to study. In the first place, a student's main priority should be to study. - Could also be Firstly, or Most importantly,
Good morning,
Why is he in such a hurry?
Please have it fixed by tomorrow.
You know, wouldn't a girl like to dress up and look pretty?
Hey, you practice judo, right?
We won't bring them again!
We'll put them deep into our bags right away!
Julietta! Let us have another kiss!
I'm sure I told you before, but your hair length is against the school rules!
Wait!
Experiment?
It's okay!
It took me a while to leave my house.
Your elastic bands are different than usual, right, Kuryuu-san?
Is that why you were late?
T-That's not i-
And then, I would catch a cold from leaving the window open the whole time.
I guess he'd have to like sports and be manly.
You all right?
Kuryuu, you...
Kuryuu-san!
Sorry.
Well, I haven't gotten that far yet.
I was just curious about it too.
What's that?
It fell here.
I don't really like romance movies.
Yeah, that's it!
Yeah, yeah! It was just amazing!
where he leaves his master.
Yeah...
Is he being considerate?
Were you two talking?
We've got to think about the story.
Romance is unnecessary after all!
This is quite unexpected.
Is something wrong?
Why do you ask?
But, I believe that I may experience my own kind of romance some day.
I knock on the door to your heart,
the translucent door to your heart looks like it is opening now.
Really?
Watch out!
Kouichi!
Don't bring me up!
Ah, your shoes.
Tajima-sensei isn't here again?
Um, I'm sorry about last time.
Eh?
Do you want to go... together?spacing
Ah, I'm sorry!
I guess.
Let's go in.
I see, that's why it's called puru-puru.
I guess I should talk about something.
Salted and buttered fried rice, right?
Ah, oh no!
Could it be...
H-How is it?
Um...
Kai-kun...
These kinds of things are sort of embarrassing, huh?
you become happy yourself, or something like that.
What am I doing?
Yeah, we grew up together as if we were siblings.
Isn't it?
I feel quite honored to be able to talk to Futami-san like this.
I only came here to eat udon.
Yeah.
Mao-neechan...
but the people acting will be amateurs.
That?
We'll find a girl with good style to appear in a swimsuit scene!
I'll help too!
Hello.
Sorry, I think I'm going to go home after all.
I left my swimsuit here.
No, nothing happened!
Well then, I'm counting on you.
Ah, no, we won't take pictures secretly.
Yeah, it's good!
You're right, it's pretty good.
Really?!
Another experiment for bad taste?
You don't look like the type who'd be good at swimming.
the crawl, breaststroke, butterfly.
I understand it all in general.
There's no real need to do experiments.
Second Place, red team, 1-C's Hiba Manami.
So, she's near-sighted?
She was a bit too enthusiastic and got a cramp in her leg.
You're not fine at all.
On your marks.
Then if she doesn't participate,
Isn't there anyone who can fill in?
I'll follow you anywhere!
That's right, I completely forgot!
What about you, Sanada?
Mao-neechan!
Stay still, I'll look for it.
Wow.
and he's cheerful and cool.
If you're heading to Kitahoro High School, it's that way.
I'll post this on the bulletin board. Write your name down if you're coming.
And summer break means...
Whatever. Sure.
Yeah, now that we're in different classes.
More like, he's made of cool.
Kuronuma Sawako, right?
Sadako?
Hey...
It's a secret, remember?
W-What are you doing...
I'm the organizer after all.
Chill?
we had an odd number of people, so I had to go alone.
Yano-san, Yoshida-san.
Sadako,
Snack time. Drink up.
Fitting in?
Cheerful?
to go out with Sadako-chan for a week!
He can't defend me.
Sure, I was with Kazehaya-kun yesterday.
it wasn't anything special.
I didn't lie.
I just told the truth.
What I was like before I met Kazehaya-kun...
They said you're the MVP behind the scenes.
H-Hey...
New term.
That's...
My nickname is Sadako.
I wonder if that puppy is okay.
And why is she soaked?
That's Kazehaya-kun for you.
M-Morning.
You're soaked.
And that ramen
My classmates lent me stuff!
I want to thank them if I can...
You're worrying too much about her, Kazehaya.
I know you feel bad about rejecting her, but...
I can see you during the summer sessions?
I really think highly of you right now.
B-By the riverbed?
It's fine, I've built up immunity.
Can I see it again?
I hope he likes the cookies.
Sadako.
I don't have the ability to make you sick.
Let's just do the seating change.
Seating change huh?
It's fine, I'm sorry.
Who's next to her?
This is my seat.
Kuronuma.
I don't think I can.
Then I want you to cheer me on.
You're the only person I've told.
I'm sorry I can't help.
Is someone behind her?
It's not like that, I just...
You wouldn't understand!
Kazehaya talks to you and you don't even make an effort.
Dismissed.
It brings out the idiot in you, too.
Really?
Definitely.
It looks good.
Looks great.
Go for it.
Do I feel this way because he helps me?
Oh shit, there's no one there.
We won!
It's all that practice you did.
I sort of got carried away.
You go cheer for us.
don't you lose.
You'll see.
Shabby? Old? But it's cute.
That soccer game...
That's good, I guess.
Something like that.
Take this, Joe's magical special pitch!
And I made sure he wouldn't get a girlfriend.
Yeah!
Or if I'd feel this way even if it wasn't Kazehaya-kun.
I want to go out with him, but...
Thank you very much.
Congratulations, everyone.
Come on, let's go.
I'm just happy.
No, forget it.
I'll tell you.
There.
What's with that crazy smile?
I've always,
There were rumors about you.
People shouldn't believe that stuff.
I never believed it in the first place.
I suppose.
Sawako's not easy, is she?
Garbage?
Around the gym storage room?
I just miscalculated a little.
I'm flattered.
I have to go somewhere.
Ryu did?
I don't really understand it myself either,
don't get thrown off.
I thought I said something bad to you.
Geez, you're annoying.
Wow, why does this letter say exactly what I had in mind?
Kurumizawa.
During softball.
Do I have to answer logically?
Should it?
Next episode: Love
I'd hope it was love.
Well, wait up.
Yeah, about that,
Like...
He's nice, and he helped me,
Don't look at me right now,
So wait, if she likes Kazehaya, then why would she help out someone who likes him?
Like I said, she doesn't want him to have a girlfriend.
The whole point was to make that stupid pact.
I don't think this is from her, though.
Did you find that in your shoebox?
We need more evidence.
Scary.
Kazehaya, come back, please.
Why is she leading me on?
You're slacking, aren't you?
Forget about me.
We wouldn't know if it was her that started it.
She's with Kazehaya sometimes.
Awesome, Yano-chin, now
I wonder what they'd say if I told them that.
Don't try to play dumb.
Is this succulent, spotless face of yours still going to talk smack?
So?
Ayane-chan, Chizu-chan, Kurumi-chan.
it was Kurumi.
The bad ones about you two?
That too.
School gang leader...?
A-Apparently I had you two backing me up,
But it must be some kind of mistake.
But we'll understand if we talk.
Wrong idea?
Not the wrong idea?
You're in the way, Sawako-chan.
I can't take it anymore.
And don't ever make Sawako cry ever again!
It's still not fair, Sawako-chan.
Everyone takes advantage of me too, and then they toss me out when they're done.
You should know that I'm not as simple-minded as Chizu.
I think I'll go tell him right now.
Go ahead, tell him.
Hey, Sawako,
Besides,
Get over it, they're on the volleyball team.
Then again, maybe we won because Kurumi wasn't here.
Kurumi's not really the enthusiastic type.
She never tires.holy shit, i did the impossible! i translated genki!
Oh, that girl.
You're talking to tactful kindness incarnate.
Pin? Of all people?
You better not be pitying me.
I like Kazehaya-kun.
Don't treat me like we're the same.
Why would I be happy telling you?
I swear.
See me for who I am.
Next episode: Rival
I never thought you would.
Did you tell him that you like him?
I know.
He's popular with both the guys and girls.
Kurumi-chan accepts me for who I am, even after everything she said.
I miscalculated.
I've always known that Kazehaya doesn't think anything special of me.T: otherwise people might think she's talking about Pin
We both feel the same way about the same person.
I'll be at the game tomorrow.
Right?
Kurumi...
What the hell?
Kurumi my ass, her name's Ume.
Lame...
He's always with the guys.
He sees me for who I am.T: an evil scheming bitch? nay.
Kuronuma's easily misunderstood.
So when Kuronuma says something, I believe her.
I sound so stuck up.
I totally screwed up my calculations.
Bye bye.
Man.
I'm glad I could tell Kurumi-chan too.
Why do you care?
You sure are having fun.
Kurumi-chan...
We'll wait over there.
I'm never going to congratulate you.
Dammit!
I might have liked her if she'd always been like that.
Not bad.
Public confession?
She must be hot.
Her name.
Morning, Kuronuma.
Do it!
You can have this back.
Make me.
Yeah, but it didn't last.
Backing me up?
And they're such nice people.
So I'm going to go back to what it was like, before I got used to being around them.
It's all wrong.
Y-Yoshida.
Oh yeah.
I wonder if they're going out? Just kidding!
I can imagine him liking her.
That's pretty serious.
Sawako, it was Kurumi that made you suffer so much.
Sawako wins in the end.
do you think Sawako felt better after that?
I think you're cuter now than when I first met you.
I know I am.
They both have the same feelings towards the same person.
Good times.
Burnable trash.
Hello,
Her friends?
I like homemade cake more.
Don't, you'll get fat.
Your room's actually pretty colorful.
Wow.
I couldn't.
Keep saying that. What if someone takes Kazehaya away?
I don't think I could congratulate them.
Nope.
Bring Kuronuma here, now.
Please.
You...
Is Sawako okay?
She bought enough for us too.
What's up, Kazehaya?
Ew, gross.
Pin's sick or something.
What?
I brought some stuff.
To banish the spirits?
He sleeps pretty well for someone who just freaked out.
S-S-Sorry.
Oh yeah, aren't you going to play with Maru?
Let me know if there's anything you want to talk about.
Huh, forget something?
Sawako's cake was so good.
I'm going this way.
You're coming this way.
The days are getting shorter.
Y-You scared me!
What was that?
and if I'm with him so much,
the footsteps of hope.
Next episode: Chizuru's Love
Really?
Really.
So why are you so happy?
Did you notice my bedhead?
It was cute.
It's a juice box sampling.
Bah.
That college student?
What are you doing?
Let's meet up.
I wake up, come to school and attend class with my classmates, dammit!
Why do I always get picked up by the kind of guy who acts like a big grown-up only at first?
Or do you want to play against me?
There aren't too many couples this perfect.
I wonder what Chizu-chan thinks.
Does she like Sanada-kun?
I wish you were my daughter.
I would be if I could.
Under 500 yen.
Hello?
Shopping?
I can't.
See you.
Ryu's birthday present.
Let me go!
Who are you?
Stand up, Joe!
All right, I'm gonna spend some money on him this year.
Should I ask?
I've had a crush for ages.
I've known him since we were little.
He's not even going to look at me yet.
I'm so glad I asked.
But it sort of sucks that I don't get to meet him often.
Sister? Brother?
Hey,
Why?
Huh?
I think so?
What's the fuss?
He's too annoying.
After what I told you? How?
Ryu.
You haven't told her yet.
It'd end up like a really bad drama if she saw my brother without knowing the truth.
A miniskirt? For New Year's?
How about one that'll look good on you?
Sorry, Yano-chin.
You can sleep over.
You should come too, Sawako.
Chizuru, it's me.
Right back at you.
Just go.
Well, damn.
I'd never had time to think about relationships.
Next episode: Dream
You don't have to do anything.
Never mind.
Screw this!
Yano-chin, I love you.
All-in huh? Who would have thought.
Yano...
Why don't you guys shuffle over then?
It wasn't really about you.
I'm listening.
Tohru?
Put her in the closet!
Huh?
I got everything else.
Married?!
I'll introduce her too.
let's call it a day.
Yoshida, you too.
Already? I'm not boss anymore?
Let's go.
I don't know.
Was I really worried?
About Tohru.
I guess I'll go see him tomorrow.
My beloved brother-like friend's getting married.
So I'm going to become an awesome woman.
Chizu-chan.
Not a relative or anything.
Tohru, bugs!
Feelings unconveyed, tears overflowing.
No, thank you. It's been fun.
Chi never showed up again.
It's cold.
You're late.
I'm glad it's finally come to this.
Idiot.
I know. I know, Sawako.
She should just snap for once.
I can't tell you!
No, don't disappear!
I don't know what she's feeling.
Do you need to force yourself to say something to her?
I'm sure you're doing the right thing.
We should head to class.
Now I can't really tease him as much.
She has Kuronuma, Yano and Ryu.
Yano-chin, Sawako, you're late.
Yeah?
Should I come with you?
But I couldn't go.
I don't even understand marriage, and here I am taking it out on people.
Thank god!
Yeah, yeah.
Morning.
Pedro Martinez.
About innocence.
I've known Ryu forever.
I met Chizu in high school.
Yeah, always.
Because of that there's a lot of girls from our middle school here.
Don't push it on us.
I wouldn't mind helping if Kazehaya is doing it.
T-Thanks.
Maybe everyone's waiting for a chance to talk to you.
Tha
I'm out.
No luck again.
You always look so angry, so...
I thought you liked being alone.
So we got sort of curious and came by.
You're always doing our chores anyway.
I was so freaked out when you were that ghost in the test of courage.
I honestly thought you were a real ghost.
Kazehaya-kun gave me opportunities,
Y-You're done?
Thanks to Kazehaya-kun, I'm changing myself.
I heard Hirano-chan and Endou-chan helped you out.
Because you both talked to me.
I'm so lucky to have such nice people to talk to.
What are you doing, Kazehaya?
I think, maybe she's having trouble with this,
Eventually I would get a lot of studying done.
I'm not telling anyone then.
So this works the same way...
Did you see that?
Let's go.
Bullshit.
Words misplaced;
Next episode: Rumors
The last time we sang was at the sports day party.
Yeah.
but I'm actually glad he's here.
Oh, yeah.
I worked hard today.
Shoot, he's used to seeing it.
Why?
But I'll run out of money.
You'd be hunting for stag beetles,
That scared me so bad.
I used to wake up so early when I was a kid.
I'm surprised you remember.
You sure do remember a lot.
I lash out at him sometimes.
so you get in that kind of fight with Ryu now, huh?
or how many memories we made together.
Chi...
Say Chi.
I'm just a kid from the block.
Hold on.
I will, I'm in my growth spurt.
Ryu-chan.
I'll go check.
Want me to cheer you up?
Maybe he was just an older brother that I admired.
It's mid-December.
She looks better, now that she had a chance to meet Tohru.
S-Sorry I wasn't helpful.
C-Christmas!
No problem.
I've always wanted to.
Besides, even if I knit one, I don't think I could give it to him.
I definitely couldn't.
Just make one.
Oh, right, right, Sawako.
Not that I'm complaining about your cooking, Mom.
I'll leave that to you. Surprise me!
What is it?
I'm going to wear it when I help at Ryu's.
Really?
Oh.
Kazehaya.
Sawako.
Thanks for the Christmas present, Sawako.
You have a wide forehead.
I've always wanted something like this.
I'm glad you like it.
I was going to give it to you later.
It's better that someone makes use of it.
Hello?
You're not lonely, are you?
Too bad you couldn't come, not even for a little bit.
Huh, what?
Hello?
Bet there'll be less people next year.
I might not make it.
Next episode: The Two of Us
You're still happy even if it's from me?
But... no way.
Not done yet.
What's this bad feeling I'm getting?
But I can have it too, right?
I made it with different feelings, but...
Morning, Sawa.
I guess winter break starts tomorrow.
She's so cute even when she's making faces.
this second semester.
Don't get too excited.
Some painful things,
Sure.
Something short, umm...
Do you think we could meet over the winter holiday too?
So fast.
I get to be with everyone.
At this rate, it'll be just Chizu, Ryu, you and me.
It'll be nice if I can see him.
Go me.
I get to see him.
Aren't Chizu-chan and Ayane-chan coming soon?
You wished you were cute when you met Kurumi, didn't you?
We'll get going now.
Have fun with Kazehaya.
Let's go.
They're not coming.
Let's go.
He's not looking my way.
Hey, Kazehaya, it's me.
Chizu-chan?
We couldn't make it.
Sorry.
I'll let you deal with it.
I see; they're backing me up.
Okay.
I had plans with Shouta.
Shut up!
She's holding my arm.
I hate sweet sake.
Really?
Not really.
You always have.
My belly's all warm.
But that's my d-dad's
Don't say it.
I-It's my first time texting; i-it might take me a while.
Oops!
I wish I'd forced it out of you if I had to.
It's over in 15 minutes.
Oh, it is.
Happy birthday.
So you were born about this time, sixteen years ago.
A good combination.
What were you in to?
Suspension bridge!
Nothing special happened.
Thanks.
It'll take too long to describe.
In ninth grade I applied for Kitahoro High School, since it was nearby.
Thanks.
You're going to ruin the makeup Ayane-chan did for me.
Kuronuma!
I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
No.
Which is it?
Joe, your down jacket.
Sorry, Yano-chin. I'll hook you up with ramen next time.
Why don't you be a bit more friendly?
Well, I guess...
Oh yeah, I did.
It became an unforgettable year.
With his girlfriend.
She's going to be your sister-in-law soon, isn't she?
Very Good.
I heard Bad is actually pretty good.
Besides, well...
I'm sorry.
We're going home, now.
All these holes in your jacket.
But man, they really look like a normal couple when they're like that.
Hey, are you here alone?
Anything to say about guys with glasses?
...is the usual way to school.
Yeah, it's good.
Isn't Sawako coming home yet?
I wish I could live like this forever, but...
I wish I could live like this forever, but...
You dropped this...
I think I was able to greet them cheerfully.
Yo, Ryu.
Everyone gathers around Kazehaya-kun,
Kuronuma's always getting stuck with jobs like that.
Aren't you happy, Sadako?
Yeah!
Could you let me be the ghost?
It's just that it makes me happy if I could be of some use...
And what do you mean, "expectations"?! You're such an odd one!
We're counting on you to put on the best ghost act of all time, Sadako!
I was able to get through to them...
This is all thanks to you.
I'm actually being useful to everyone!
That's not what I mean! But the thing is, it really won't cause misfortune or anything-
You didn't even finish!
Your prize are sixty scrubbing brushes.
This isn't even funny as a joke.
...anything special like you all are thinking.
It's fine.
I'm sure I was able to protect Kazehaya-kun's reputation.
They said you were the shadow MVP.
Don't worry about me!
My nickname is Sadako.
Is there a ghost around or something?!
I find it hard to interact with people, and I can't quite get the hang of it,
I couldn't avoid the rain.
He's a great guy after all!
Here. Smells like mold.
So she meant "attracted" as in respect?
Sadako left those on your desks earlier.
I-I'm sorry!
He's always like this.
He doesn't have a wall that separates him from anyone.
U-Umm, if it's not too much trouble...
What about me?
Naturally!
Maybe I went a little too far on this one...
You'll be fine.
See you around.
The seat's fine...
What are the numbers around her?
No.
The reason I don't feel a wall between Kazehaya-kun and me...
My dream is slowly turning into reality.
M-Morning...
I'm Sanada Ryu.
I still can't come up with a good name for the dog.
Yeah! Yeah!
He's the reason why so many girls from my middle school ended up here.
I can't believe how popular he is.
Isn't that your job?!
I'll... do it...
Then I'll help out, too.
Now everyone wants to do it?!
Stop by the faculty room later!
N-Not at all.
Thank-
K-Kuronuma, my bad!
It's just that Sada-
What?! Why are you crying?!
I-It's just that I'm so happy...
And they helped you out, right?
It's thanks to you two.
For you, Kuronuma.
Don't mention it.
What?
No.
I hope tomorrow will be a good day, too.
Technically, I'm "someone next to you", too.
Even I was able to solve this!
Wow, you're right!
Thank you, Sadako!
I-I was able to be of some use...
K-Kazehaya-kun!
So, let me keep this moment for myself.
Oh, really?
She... really is cheerful...
Look what you've done, Dear! What is wrong with you?!
I'm really happy...
Yano-san, right?
You really think there are a hundred guys who could satisfy me?
Well, that's why they're called rumors.
And my eyes aren't as small as everyone thinks they are.
And as for me, I really like guys. I dated a hundred of them during middle school.
Umm...
I thought about going out and renting a movie to get better at telling ghost stories...
Morning.
I-I want to see it again!
Crap...
Hey, Yano-san, Yoshida-san.
Recently...
Why does everyone keep blaming Sadako for all this?
I really, really like them.
I wonder if there's something I can do to cheer them up.
Huh?!
But hey, the bad rumors about Yano and Yoshida are really something.
Look who's talking! You look like you were up crying all night!
And I get the feeling you're avoiding me, too.
N-No, you didn't!
It just isn't possible, no matter what may happen.
You've got a test coming up. How much can you slack off?
But I don't want to avoid him...
Thanks for the meal.
...what am I supposed to do?
Even if it always ended up with her killing the mood, she's always greeted everyone.
All we know is...
Kazehaya-kun...
Popularity... Rumors...
I've... always been longing for people like this...
People like Yano-san, Yoshida-san, and Kazehaya-kun...
I was really thirsty.
Then I guess I'll keep this.
It made me so happy...
I'd hate that!
In the end, it all comes down to how the other person feels.
I said it!
And just with those words and his smile alone, he gives me the push I need to move forward.
You know, it was your fault to begin with!
Yeah, it is.
Shut up!
You're not feeling down because of those rumors about you being a delinquent, are you?
I don't get what's going on at all!!
You really don't get it, do you?
What did he mean by "other reasons"?
Sadako totally sucks at drawing!
She seemed really happy before all this, too...
I sure did!
I didn't know you cared so much about Sadako, either.
Sadako doesn't know how much we care about her.
...makes me so happy.
Yano-san and Yoshida-san are really nice people!
Don't you think she's glaring at us?
We get it.
I can't give up these feelings.
Maybe she's in love.
Yoshida? The thin-eyed girl?
Hook me up.
Who told you?
I'll be happy to use it.
I really like being helpful.
I seriously saw him last night.
I was drinking last night
You sit next to her, you must know about her.
I'm leaving.
Bullshit!
Over here.
Shino-chan heard the rumors about the psychic aura and curses and all that too.
I don't think misunderstandings go away that easily.
I can understand the rumors about us,
but the rumors about Sadako are different from the usual.
Friendship is like what's between Yano-san and Yoshida-san, right?
Dammit!
Calm down, Chizu.
We haven't asked her what she meant by that.
Sadako, can you come sit here?
Don't lie, okay?
Did they understand? With so little?
We like you.
I wonder if there's something I can do to cheer them up.
First I was Sadako, now I'm a gang leader!
Yup.
Am I going to hurt Kazehaya-kun the way I hurt Yano-san and Yoshida-san?
Can I not be around?
Either way, she doesn't like us.
Either way, this sucks.
It does.
I want to tell them that they're just really kind.
I know how to fix misunderstandings.
Shoot.
Nothing, you didn't do anything.
I'm sorry, Kazehaya-kun.
I need to stay away from him.
What should I do?
But one day, Shino, who was in the same class as me...
"Sadako"?
I-It's all a misunderstanding!
Apparently, there's a fight inside the girl's bathroom.
I'm going to try my best to become friends with them.
But... I can't be the one to settle this.
What the hell are you-
Here, drink up.
That smells...
I love you two.
What the hell...
Yano-san! Yoshida-san!
Thank you!
Thank you... for believing me.
K-Kazehaya, did we... happen to make you mad?
You all should have known those rumors about Yano and Yoshida were fake.
Did you honestly think Kuronuma would start something like that?
Oh, so it wasn't true.
Sadako...
You thought we were hurt because of that?
Don't you know?
Can we help you?
What the hell is with this air of youth floating around?
And you call yourself a teacher?!
That's still really good, you know.
She's just pulling your leg.
You okay?
I really love you two.
Sawako!
Those girls are so stupid.
I forgot to mention,
I totally forgot it was closed!
We have to make up for last time when it was closed!
Now that I think of it, she came home a little late the other day.
I recommend miso ramen.
Sorry for the wait.
Well, we'll be upstairs then.
Come on, no need to sit so formally.
Excuse me for just a second.
Okay, gotcha.
Please leave out the "current".
Me, of course. PLACEHOLDER
I see! Your birthday's after mine!
The friends I love.
R-Really? Is it okay?
Th-That makes me even more nervous!
But...
What are you doing right now?!
I'm... at Sanada-kun's place right now.
Ryu's place?
This is me!
For our last two years, yeah.
Pin was really disappointed when he said he wasn't going to join the baseball team in high school.
I wonder if he studied really hard...
There's the athletic festival, field trip, and many more.
It'll be fun. I promise.
What's with that look on your face?
That's what I thought...
Who knows?
I wonder if she understands herself.
One must climb the stairway to adulthood with one's own feet, step by step.
You scared me...
N-Nothing... out of the ordinary...
N-No, I wasn't making fun of you or anything!
All the time, when I was a kid.
Maybe it's just that you're the one who can see ghosts?
Shut up!
Go for it, gentleman!
Those two are seriously annoying...
Well then, see ya, Chizu.
You said Kurumi wasn't your type, right?
So someone who's like Sadako, then?
You came over to let me know that you three had made up, right?
The truth is, I wanted to hear you say it so I could put my mind at ease.
So Kazehaya-kun, what did you need to buy at the convenience store?
Wait, what?
They did really well because of Sadako's notes, right?
Kurumi!
You're too nice, Kurumi.
There was that fight a little while ago, too.
No way!
Geez, why don't you just go out with him already?
Why, thank you so much for deciding for me.
Tomo.
Huh?
Yeah? What's up?
Sucks to be you, Kazehaya!
He didn't even have to run for the position! Sucks to be you, Kazehaya!
And, just like that...
I'll show them what I'm made of!
I'll try my best.
Yeah!
He was pretty much forced into being the rep.
More like, we'll be blessed with good luck and end up winning the championship!
Let's go, Kazehaya.
What are you staring off into space for?
He didn't really say anything special, right?
We were pretty far away, too.
...take my eyes off of him...
Finally! School's over!
Hanging out with you makes me fat.
No, no.
...but I can't smile naturally...
I guess no one's back yet.
You may not remember this, but you helped me pick up some printouts before. Thank you once more.
Oh, come on. I just did what anyone would have done.
Really, the more I look at her, she reminds me of a doll-
Huh?
You look like you're in a daze there.
You think so?
I was pretty confident, too...
...made my heart beat so fast...
I even reminded you!
Wow... Please do.
D-Do you think I'd look okay with a perm?
I do like girly things.
Wouldn't she look a little lifeless?
Basically, it's like...
That's good.
I was a little envious.
Fine! I'll allow it.
Wait, but I thought Ayane-chan was participating in the volleyball match with you.
Hey, it's been a while.
Yeah.
Oh, right. You're really involved, aren't you?
But... But...
What are you guys doing?
...that I'm worrying too much?
Could it be that...
The tension is leaving my body!
Wow, I didn't even know they were friends.
O-Okay!
He has nothing to do with what I was thinking of!
I can't sleep!!!
They're nervous around each other.
Here's the printout from the committee meeting.
They told me to bring it to you.
Sorry to bother you.
I kept calling your name, but you didn't hear me.
No no, it's fine.
If you don't mind telling me, I'll try my best to help you out.
My role model... if offering to give me advice?
You're thinking too hard.
Whenever someone can't blend in with the rest of the class, he can't leave them alone.
Even if he's talking to you, I'm sure he'll treat you like everyone else.
Yeah.
Kurumi is, well...
That's a piece of cake!
You're reliable as always!
What's with all this lately?
Come on, Chizu!
So, yeah.
I really don't want to have anything to do with her!
I see!
Maru-chan!
Oh... so he wasn't referring to her by her first name.
The thing is... there's someone I like.
Thanks, Sawako-chan!
Or...
Do you think there are other girls who would suit him better?
Although I can't help you, I... I totally understand how you feel!
...you don't even have to try to get Kazehaya's attention.
I-I didn't know...
I think it's decided.
She's so right....
Your stupidity really stands out, too.
What do you say?
Let's!
Good luck out there.
Lucky charm!
Wow, I already feel like we can win this!
Keep moving!
No, she's in there.
Yeah.
Crap! There's no one over there!
Sadako?!
One, two, and...
Kazehaya!
We make a great team!
Sounds good!
Get fired up!
Fired up, I said! Ouch.
Ouch. Fired up, I said!
Aren't you going to say something to me?!
There's still over an hour left before our match begins...
Kurumi-chan...
She's such a nice girl!
What an angel!
Don't you dare... call me that anymore.
I'm leaving.
Of...
...but she's still adorable.
That makes sense...
Isn't she cute?
I guess that's good, then.
"Numa"...
No, dude... It's Kuronuma.
I... looked up the word, "special", in my dictionary last night...
It's true he's always helping me.
Behind me...
I'm sorry! I really am!
He saved you, didn't he.
Yeah, you really ought to thank him.
Sanada doesn't avoid you or anything, does he?
I want to know more about Kazehaya-kun and my own feelings.
We cleared the first round!
N-No, that's not it...
I'm really touched...
Just a few days ago, being alone was normal for me...
If even one person was missing, things wouldn't have turned out this way.
Just call her "Kuronuma", okay?
What, that thing from earlier bugging you?
I know, but...
Okay.
What the hell is up with her?
Get out of here once you're finished.
I've always been watching him.
Oh, if it isn't Kurumi-chan.
I didn't believe them in the first place. I just heard some girls talking about them.
But you can't really accuse anyone without proof, you know?
Kazehaya has another match coming up?
And...
You look like a villain, Yano-chin!
Wow, I'm amazed!
Nah, it was written here.
Wow, I wonder how my thoughts made it on that piece of paper.
Kazehaya!
Kurumizawa.
That looks heavy. Want me to carry a few?
This is...
Hey...
I guess you can't blame her for falling for him, after Sanada saved her.
When did you start liking Yoshida-san?
I'm getting there.
I'm just asking for the sake of it.
Well... this is just a hunch, but...
Kuronuma.
Do you...
...like Ryu?
"Like"?
Like...
Like?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's how it was...
Because love... is this feeling inside my heart right now, isn't it?
Huh?
Hey... there may be times I won't be able to support you from now on.
I'm really selfish, and I just have to have things my way.
I don't care if you're selfish or have to have things your way.
Hey, since we're kind of on the topic...
What do you think about two people going out?
Maybe I didn't study enough... I don't know how to answer.
Oh, hey Ryu.
I'm feeling a lot more certain about it now.
What is it?! Why do you keep on holding me back?!
I've got a spare right here, so put the cones away.
Sorry, I'm not interested in kids.
Well, how should I put this...
And by this guy!
I promise I won't tell anyone.
Oh, crap!
Anyway, good timing.
I guess we should ask the girls in Class A...
A victory dance? And... it's kind of embarrassing...
There's someone I like.
We asked everyone in school before coming to you!
And here's the evidence!
I want to tell her the answer I've reached.
"Secret leader"?
...and Kazehaya-kun as my slave.
It just means...
"Misunderstanding"?
Both the rumors about those two, and that you were the one spreading them.
I thought we were friends...
Say something! Aren't you going to say something?
I can't hold myself back!
I don't care what you say about me, but don't you dare say anything more about Yano-chin and Sawako!
I wish I could be more like you, Chizu...
Oh, I see.
I just want to let you know that I'm not as soft as Chizu.
"Ch-Chizu-chan", huh?
If you say so...
...there's no way she'd want to be thought of badly by the person she likes.
I didn't think what I said would shock you like that.
I should be the one apologizing!
No, you're Sawako!
I've never thought of you as a friend.
they made me really happy.
Sadako!
I'll be right back.
What?
Hey, where's Kuronuma?
What do you mean, "that girl"?
Oh, no... I broke yet another girl's heart.
Don't go spreading it! Don't you feel bad for her?
I'm... in love with Kazehaya-kun.
I have feelings for him...
...how much I love Kazehaya-kun.
So much more...
Because... you're the only person I can go to for something like this.
Certainly not!
If you go with the flow, it could happen!
Yeah!
Now was the right time.
Kazehaya thinks I like Arai Pin!
How did that happen?!
Are we really nobodies? Or...
Want to stop by somewhere to eat?
Kurumi-chan, let's be in the same group!
Kurumi!
What a waste!
Yeah!
I mean, Kurumi was always lending her notes to Miyagawa and stuff...
What a drag.
Oh.
What happened?!
Kurumizawa...
Pretending that she's a hypocrite...
Kazehaya...
I just can't bring myself to put anyone above her.
Of course. It's obvious.
Yeah.
What? You like Kazehaya?
I don't know, just felt like it.
Things are going to get even more fun! Promise!
Morning! Morning!
I hope you fall in love with someone your own age next time.
Even when people were praising Kazehaya, I never joined the conversation.
Rivals...
Why the heck did I lose?!
Yaki...ni...ku... PLACEHOLDER
...and Arai-sensei lost his soul. Yaki...ni...ku...
Note: rival - def. A worthy opponent. Note: rival - def. A worthy opponent.
Then I'll sing!
I see...
I'm done eating.
Already?
when I meet Yano-san, Yoshida-san and Kazehaya-kun?
Oh yeah, you're in Sadako's seat.
But I still haven't fixed the misunderstandings about Yano-san and Yoshida-san.
That has to be the best thing to do.
I've always looked up to you.
How did I never lose my mind?
What?
Speak properly so that I can understand you.
Reputation?
The only Kuronuma I know is the one that I see.
I'd want to stay together.
I guess I've been thinking about it all in my head.
I said it.
Go for it.
What's up with you?
Nothing.
This is the book Sadako was reading.
I don't know anymore!
You're right, I don't know either.
They said it was Sadako spreading them.
How would she ever even spread rumors?
Or maybe something else.
She did. That was surprising.
That girl...
Look how much we think about her.
I mean, look at how much we think about her.
Do you hear something from over there?
I'm nervous, but I don't mind it.
Oh no.
I just want to be friendly. And her name is also Sadako, like from The Ring.
You have to give it to her parents for giving her such an appropriate name.
Of course not. Kazehaya-kun is the complete opposite of me.
and it's almost as if people form a circle around him.
U-Umm...
She'll be able to for sure!
I'm just so happy for her!
That Sadako is using Kazehaya and you two to become popular.
You were able to make friends.
Bad rumors?
I'm... having them back me up?
I may be able to clear up the misunderstanding, but I still don't know how I could possibly heal their wounded hearts.
Rumors and misunderstandings, huh...
If you don't hate me, then why are you avoiding me?
No...
He's so handsome and cool!
...no, more than like...
Now run along.
When you actually realize it, you're already friends.
Sorry, what were you saying?
Gotcha. I'll bring it next time.
Maybe that's how people usually make friends.
So as long as someone's kind to you, it doesn't have to be Kazehaya, right?!
I'm positive I could win if I were matched up with you.
But... that doesn't matter at all.
I can tell!
I'm sorry.
We won't be able to become friends... right?
Tonight's gonna be rad!
I... I should have made something salty instead!
No, I'd rather eat one that's handmade.
Why are you two just standing by the door?
You're so...
I was looking through photos from the field trip and found pictures with the three of us together, so...
They're from the after-festival party.
Yano-chin took those without anyone knowing.
Oh yeah, that's when Kazehaya noticed me.
I love you.
Just because you like someone, doesn't mean you want to start dating them right away.
You really love animals, don't you?
Bring Kuronuma over here immediately.
What?!
The thing is, I met her last night.
I'm here for research!
"Research"?
Social issues...
What are you looking at behind me?!
But I forgot everything she told me after I went home...
...I'm counting on you.
Sawako got her eyebrows, eyes, and her nose from her father.
And her outline and her mouth came from you.
I'm sure Maru wants to see you, too.
Yeah...
I'll do it!
Hey...
Huh? Sure.
Every night, the sound of a knock rings in an apartment room inhabited by a man who lives alone.
He opens the door each time, but there's no one standing there.
B-But you should!
My body feels relaxed...
Hey, I guess to return the favor...
I'm positive!
If you ever need to thank him, just do that!
What, did they forget something?
Today turned out to be a little weird in the end, but we'll definitely come visit again.
Huh?!
Tell your parents I said thanks!
Okay.
Th-Then what was that-
Okay...
A lot of things happened during the second semester, but there's only a month left.
I've never been given such a friendly greeting in the morning!
S-Such a fresh look...
Kazehaya!
...I just love watching him.
It seems like my feelings are growing little by little as time passes by.
Let me play that game!
Or do you want to play a two-player game?
No.
You rarely see people like these two who are just meant to be!
That'll really help us out.
But seriously, Chizu-chan...
Oh yeah...
Yeah, thanks.
I'm leaving!
Oh yeah, for New Years...
So the real reason she came was to ask about that.
Sweet!
Let go of me!!
She probably doesn't even know your name!
Get back on your feet!
Okay.
Good for you, Chizu-chan!
So...
Huh?
Ryu is like a brother of mine.
Does Sanada-kun know about this?
I actually can't.
How about something like this?
She's a maiden in love. I've got long legs, you see.
Morning, Ryu!
Yeah, a mini skirt.
Let's see...
I didn't say anything.
I dumped him !
I can't even think of the words to comfort her...
But it's not like I was wishing for something like this from the start.
So you still haven't told Yoshida.
I guess I would.
She looks so happy!
I'm coming in.
You're supposed to come in after you get my permission!
Right, then I'll say the same to you.
Chizuru, the thing is...
I'll give them a call!
Okay.
Ayane-chan and I are going to be staying over at Chizu-chan's house.
Good morning.
Morning!
Nah, it's nothing.
Make sure you stay away.
What for?
What are you getting mad for?
The day after tomorrow is his birthday...
He never said that you couldn't visit today, right?
No, don't worry about it.
Don't you hear about stuff like this quite often?
I guess.
Tanaka, can you guys make some room?
Can you bring us more cups?
The soup's made with a fish base, but it's also-
Go on.
Tohru!!
Hide her in a closet or something!
I should have worn my mini skirt, even if it isn't new!
Are you sure?
I took the rest out of the car.
Yeah.
Chizu!
See ya!
Man, you haven't changed at all.
I live right over there!
Well, I'm not going to be depressed.
Maybe I'll go see him tomorrow.
Guess you're right!
Aw, geez!
I don't think there's much we can do in this situation...
He says I'm sort of like his daughter, but that doesn't actually make me his daughter.
Does a mere 'neighbor' have the right to barge in during such a precious day for their family?
Ryu, you shouldn't make girls cry!
I don't understand how I thought that was a good way to show my affection.
But...
We'll be back again for New Years.
Moron...
I did! I definitely made her feel worse!
So that's what you two were were worrying about.
Ayane-chan!
Yeah, but...
I kept wondering how Kazehaya-kun would cheer her up in this situation, but...
...there's something I can do for her.
Now I'm going to have a hard time picking on him...
Sawako and Yano-chin still aren't here?
Personally, I'm relieved that it finally came down to this.
Yano-chin! Sawako!
Until then, I'm going to act like I usually do.
Cool.
Later.
I'm kind of curious.
Look what you did!
Huh?!
I would have loved to see him before he left!
I don't want it!
Don't talk to me for a while!
And so...
And then he goes on to say that he's relieved and that I'll be able to give up on Tohru!
God, it pisses me off!
I threw it at his face...
Yeah!
But on the way back home, she said...
They're from Chizuru.
The stars twinkle in the night sky.
Good point.
Toh-
Ch-Chizu-chan!
I hope that the next time I see her...
When did you come back?
Just now.
Nah.
Do you have work tomorrow morning?
I'm really happy you came here to see me.
I'm wearing a mini skirt!
Crap...
Why?
I just thought I'd take a stroll with you tonight instead.
But I want both of them...!
Nikuman...!
We can split each of them in half.
I used to always take this path home during high school, after being out at night with some friends.
And when I looked closely...
Man, I really only know Orion, the constellation.
Of course I remember.
Do you think... Chizu was able to say what she wanted to say?
Huh?
Now, it serves as Ryu's jogging course.
Huh?
Try saying it.
Heck, to me, you're even cuter than Ryu.
But I'm happy.
Because I know I'm precious to you.
Chi!
I know.
Or are you picking a fight?
Holy night.
and the busy second semester was coming to an end; with only the closing ceremony to wait for.
Dunno.
Thanks, Kazehaya!
Aren't you gonna go, Kuronuma?
But first, I should ask whether or not it's okay to attend.
I'm going to ask if it's okay to attend the party!
Oh!
Can I get a notebook and some lead for mechanical pencils?
Come on, even I can buy that for you!
Huh?
I'll leave that one to you and save it as a surprise!
And in the end, you were born on New Year's Eve.
Dad...
It's nothing, Dad.
I... can't bring myself to ask, after all.
Thanks a bunch!
They liked them!
Lucky you!
I want to go!
So you remember me saying that my head always got cold in the winter...
I wonder if everyone's having fun right now...
It's really lonely without you.
Huh?
Kuronuma?
It's you, right?
I can't... talk...
I want to say hi, so could you give me the phone, dear?
Oh my!
You guys sound like you're having fun!
Go on.
Who's with me?!
The day of the closing ceremony.
Am I just imagining things?
No, that does sound right...
But... there's no way...
Bullshit!
Oh, it's not for me...
Umm...
or maybe your grandfath-
Although, it would have made a difference on my side...
You're blocking the way!
I've decided to take over my wife's family's sake-brewing business.
Wow...
Mr. Arai...
If you want, we can throw a party to worship me as the new homeroom teacher.
I know winter break is just around the corner,
So many things...
Kazehaya!
I haven't finished reading the manual yet...
You're gonna read it all?
Umm...
Like for example, you can include your name or your birthday.
Having you ask that after all this time really surprised me.
...I always make my first visit of the year to the shrine with Ryu.
That was fast!
Y-Yes...
She must have been so depressed last night...
I get to see them on New Year's Eve...
Yeah, I do.
I mean, "if you're free"!
I'll be there.
I'll be looking forward to it.
You don't need to clean up after yourself!
That's right, you shouldn't keep your friends waiting.
We're here!
Hold it in! Please!
Okay...
Th-That's so...!
So, first, you tell me that the meetup point changed, and now what are we doing here?
Oh, Kazehaya?
Huh?!
Yoshida?!
Huh?
Look... I'm sorry some plans made us back out at the last moment.
Take good care of her, okay?
I just realized I hadn't explained anything to him at all.
So she must have filled in the gaps for me.
Look at the size of this flame!
Stop being stupid! Let's go!
Wait!
At this rate, Joe will see them!
You should have invited me, Ryu!
My rents!
So, where's Kazehaya?
He can't come apparently.
No amazake then!
Would you like some?
Would you like some?
'Couple'?!
This is so embarrassing!
It's really good!
Oh, and also, that was the first time I bought a cellphone strap for a girl.
This is the first night I've ever worn a stomach band.
B-But that was for my dad-
It's fine. Take it slow.
What's something I want to tell you...
Something I want get across...
This was around the time that my cousin, Eiji, started calling me "Zashiki Warashi".
I'd fasten a thing of rubber between two chairs, and jump over them.
Oh, I also liked playing volleyball on my own.
Oh...
Thanks.
The New Year is about to begin.
Don't worry.
Huh? Three?
Forget it, geez!
...than I'd imagined you to be.
I want some amazake...
Now we're alone!
Ryu!
and whether or not they end up seeing someone they know...
Seems like it's going well after all.
And so, I'm going to have some amazake and head on home.
What?
I hope we'll have another great year together!
They're from Chizu-chan and Ayane-chan!
I got a reply from Sawako!
Had I not met all of you,
It's become a year I'll never forget.
"Always seek advice from others"...
I can't. I feel like I'm going to suck up all your luck...
I wouldn't mind even if you did.
I want to share it with you.
What is wrong with you?!
Thanks for taking care of our stupid son. I'm in the middle of something important right now!
We keep telling you we don't want to!
Are you here alone?
...we'll get to the street that we use to get to and from school.
I'd like to tell you the feelings he's built up, tsutaetai kare ga tsumiageta omoi no choujou
Okay then! I'd like to tell you the feelings he's built up, tsutaetai kare ga tsumiageta omoi no choujou
Happy New Year! I'd like to tell you the feelings he's built up, tsutaetai kare ga tsumiageta omoi no choujou
Here, have one. sono sora ippai no kamihikouki gurai ni natte I want to become one of those paper airplanes filling the sky.
futari ga mou sukoshi mitomeaeba If we could just start acknowledging each other a little more...
Yeah.
...I love".
Sadako.
Some people in my middle school thought it was funny.
I heard that Sadako has a psychic aura.
One rumor led to another, I guess.
What's going on?
Guess who?
We were inside earlier.
Let me through.
Aren't you the same?
You're a pest.
You don't need to get off my back.
It's fine.
She wouldn't do that.
Yoshida-san.
Oh, it was a rumor.
I thought it was weird.
It didn't work out.
A fight!
Move!
That bastard ruined it.
But the class average was up dramatically for some reason.
Nice to meet you, Sadako.
Sadako,
Oh yeah, tell that horror story.
There once was a Biwa player named Houichi.
Isn't that Miminashi Houichi?!
My beloved friends.
My precious time.
I'm so glad I'm friends with you, Kurumi!
She doesn't like it when boys are into any other girls.
I only let Kurumi join our group so we'd get a chance to talk to the guys!
Don't sweat it. There's one of yours that I want to borrow too.
Like that'd ever happen!
Oh no...
Why?
What am I, dumb?
It didn't matter how hard I tried.
It was his decision to make.
I guess I'm not the girl for Kazehaya.
You're the only person I've told about this.
I can't genuinely root for you, so I can't help you either.
That Sawako-chan is an odd one.
She really is weird.
With Kazehaya... and with me.
You didn't do anything, you just happened to be in his vicinity!
...much more than you.
Because I've always... always had my eye on him.
Why did you come back?
It was the perfect time.
I don't want to be misunderstood!
I said it.
Next episode: Valentine.
Oh, delicious!
Isn't it?
I have made progress.
It's delicious.
Man it was sweet...
You know, Sadako's cheered up a lot, in her own way.
Plus, they're homemade.
I'm glad you all like them.
This chocolate tastes different from the others.
No way.
Kuronuma made them herself.
Do thank you chocolates count...
The school day is already over?!
Nope, an early nineties drama!
Well, let's go, Yano-chin, Sawako.
Hah?
Why me?
Now, now, let her be!
Well, see you tomorrow.
But what do I do now?
It's not like I'm forcing you or anything.
Dad told me...
What a photo op...
Moron.
Or that time I was stingy with the offerings?
He already rejected me.
She sure is cold for a classmate.
...but I was really hoping for it, despite myself.
I couldn't give him the chocolates I made with hidden intentions.
Preview
Next episode: 2nd Year.
Well, at least you're trying.
Good morning.
I suppose this means she's become aware of her feelings, but...
Ever since that day, I just can't stop wondering...
I'll stand out, right?
If it gets to be too much, I can help.
Good work!
Oh, Tsuru!
Bye-bye!
Well, I have to get to the library. Have fun working.
Really?
It's really funny, I mean it!
Right!
I mean Tooru's wedding date!
When is that again?
I'll just ask your dad.
Huh? What do you mean?
Which is what that transcendently handsome teacher perceived.
I'm going.
I wasted my time and those chocolates on him.
Finished.
Did you plant a lot of seeds?
What do I do?
Huh? How did I usually approach him in those situations?
No...
That smile I want for myself.
Next episode: Forget.
I always thought...
I keep thinking, "What did he mean by that?"
"What was the best way to respond to that?"
So that's why he's called Mr. Refreshing.
No! Way too awkward!
No, it has to be "Good morning!" Go!
Huh? Where'd Sawako go?
You seem kind of down lately.
Got that right.
Does she really look that good to you?
Wow, tiny.
so I can't ignore a girl who's abdicated a happy life.
This will be on the midterm!
I hope I can meet their expectations.
So where's Kento after starting this whole thing?
We're here!
You're coming too, right, Tsuru?
Those two idiots got it right?
Well, of course, that's the natural way to take it.
I always thought I was the one guy who was closest to you...
Why did we have to come all the way out here just to talk?
How am I supposed to react to that?
Still, you have to feel bad for Sadako-chan.
Why are you saying you feel sorry for her?
I can't say anything more than that.
You look good.
You really do.
Oh? So he actuallyfscx200-
Have I misunderstood Kuronuma completely?
Ryuu, being Ryuu, has been the cleanup hitter since his first year, right?
Well, Kento got up and announced it right in the middle of class!
G-Good morning...
Joe!
That's perfectly normal...
That's perfectly normal, yet for a moment I thought he was avoiding me.
What the hell?!
So to sum it up, you met with Kazehaya twice...
There are any number of excuses you could've used to meet him and give him chocolates!
I'm sorry, I got carried away.
I couldn't give those chocolates as a simple "thank you".
There's no way I can get in touch with him like this.
I've begun to feel secret desires.
Sawako... do you want things to remain like this forever?
I-I want to thank you for everything.
Okay.
All 2-D students on day duty, report to the staff office at once!
Beats me.
Why is everybody giving me crap?
Kazehaya has a girl he likes?!
Actually...
Back in middle school...
Now that I think about it, Sawako probably won't believe that Kazehaya actually likes her.
What did you say?
Hopefully three days will be enough to escape an F.
See?
That was from the medicinal herbs planted in the flower beds.
Huh? Medicinal herbs?
Oh, I know who you're talking about! I've seen her!
Anything will do. Just pick one already.
What about, "Sadako's Black Magic Caf"?
Yeah.
That's a chameleon plant.
Oh, like in chameleon plant tea?
Sure.
Oh, that's rosemary.
Maybe we can fry it overfscx200-
Did something happen?
What time will you guys be leaving?
Hurry along now!
No.
I told you no.
Just tell him that he knows Sawako 100 percent or something!
Maybe we can make a tea blend from shiso and Thunberg's Geranium...
I rest my case.
What's wrong with me eating in the cafeteria?
Oh, Ryuu, are you done already?
Of course.
Oh. She's at that strange herb gardenfscx200-
I'm happy for you, Sadako-chan.
...wanted to fit into my classes.
Though it made me happy, it was still a shock...
Well if you ask me...
He treats everyone fairly, he's bright and refreshing...
He always smiles and even greets me!
I fell in love with him because he is that sort of person.
Isn't it best for you to stay away from Kazehaya?
You should become independent and enjoy your youth.
I cant stop crying.
If you don't mind, I'm available.
What are you doing?!
Nothing is actually wrong, but I still...
Sadako-chan was just praising you, calling you fair, cheerful and refreshing.
What's going on?
I... like Kuronuma.
What's that, Sadako? You're worried we'll get the wrong idea about you two?
No, that's not gonna happen.
Kuronuma.
I've already imposed upon him.
Concern?
So Miura is affectionate towards you, while I'm just being inconvenienced by you?
Okay then.
Kazehaya did what?
Man this is heavy!
I've skipped my classes.
Why are you meddling around in the first place?!
I had been thinking Kazehaya-kun simply treats everybody the same, even me.
Chizu always snaps when she's frustrated or unhappy.
Look, Sawako...
We just thought you were some gloomy misfit at the beginning.
You're no different from Chizu, Kazehaya or me.
As long as you don't perceive yourself as different.
So what were you trying to say?
Oh, I was going to say Sawako is the girl Kazehaya likes.
Yeah. She looked a little sick, but she said there's no need to worry, right?
Oh, what are those herbs?
Oh, Ryuu!
God... Where did he run off to? It's not like him to skip out.
Yeah.
I guess I was just bothering her.
rejected by Kazehaya-kun.
Even Chizu-chan and Ayane-chan felt sorry for you!
but my feelings unmistakably reached him. Don't lump us together!
Yes, for the costume parade.
I helped with making soup stock when I was in high school.
There was katsuobushi with kelp, and shiitake with dried sardines.
What are you fellasEditor: would rather use 'folks' or 'guys' but I'll leave it up to?
Shouta!
Sorry, can you go ahead without me?
But the truth is that you're just too occupied with other things. Clephas note: Ok, this is fundamentally mistaken... he's saying here that Kaze-whatever is unable to comprehend those around him because he doesn't even understand himself. I don't have the energy to think out a good way of translating this at the moment, so I'll leave it. A case of a translation being literally correct but utterly wrong.
I told you not to do anything stupid! What are you trying to do?
What's going on?
Hey! Come here!
Should I sew itthem up? Should I sew up Edited:that loose trapthose loose lips of yours?
After what?
What did you say?
No, it's still her fault for interfering.
It's none of your business.
Is it because of Miura?
I'm sorry for imposing upon you.
What did I...?
What's the status on the festival? Is it moving along?
We're going to beat the third years and become the champions!
Books on black magic? Just don't go overboard.
Going out with Kuronuma?
That's a ton of books!
Which one?
How cute!
Here you go.
What does this tea work against?
If Kazehaya-kun didn't already like another girl... Would I have done something differently?
If Ayane were to hear of this, she'd probably tell me to butt out again.
That if Kazehaya were to go out with someone, it wouldn't be you.
I'll be rooting for you. Good luck.
I thought he was like a god.
overlapThe Black Magic Caf was a hit!
I was so afraid, so embarrassed, so worried about what he thought of me...
His view from behind, his embarrassed profile, his flustered look,
Kuronuma?
If you have anything you want to tell me, you can go right ahead.
I want you to listen.
So this time, instead of "sorry", I want to tell you this...
Kuro...
I don't know the right words to say.
Kazehaya! Hey, Kazehaya!
Oh, you guys know where Kuronuma is?
Huh? God, you people are useless!
We just remembered, she went home!
If that's the case, why didn't you tell me?
Wait.
There you are, Kazehaya!
It sounded like something important.
Kazehaya! What were you up to? I was looking all over for you!
What's wrong?
But you did confess to him, right?
Why would you even think of coming here?
I just thought up something awesome, it'll definitely get us points from the judges.
Now, here's the thing... At tomorrow's costume parade during your solo, you should take these...
...just say something really great back there?
No kidding.
I came all the way here to tell you that!
I'm excited.
But my mind is clear.
Kazehaya, what did he mean by "secret desires"?
Joe's been eating nothing but snacks.
I want...
to see her...
Next Episode: From Now On.
Yoshida-san was really upset.
Curry tonight, huh, Sawako?
Ignoring me tonight, huh?
Oh yeah, she came home a little later than usual the other day.
What is it?
Oh, I guess.
How can you let your customers notice before you do?
Girls.
Say something.
Boyfriend?
You too, Chizu.
You should have gone for 100.
Yeah.
I'm the older brother.
Hey, we should invite Kazehaya too.
Just call him already.
I want him to come.
He's been like this for as long as I remember.
So this is The People's Kazehaya.
Pin was pissed that he didn't join the baseball team in high school.
Who's she?
I don't think so.
That guy's hair grows really fast.
Normal!
You should have said you're a mega pervert.
He's a boy after all.
This is so fun.
I knew it!
Why don't you go home, take a dump, and go to bed?
Purging salt!
That was fun.
Everyone was smiling.
Later, Yano-chin.
I guess I'll go home and take a bath or something.
That's some pretty obscure taste.
I already knew.
Knew what?
With everyone else.
And many more new faces from now on...
I do!
I agree!
It's just her style of camaraderie.
Yep, it's all happening tomorrow.
Even though it's the version with the well, you're really going for effect, aren't you?
Thank god we've finished the float and costumes in time.
They're doing Snow White? Way to go Class C!
Hey, is this how you wear it?
How do you like my wooden charm costume?
Got it.
Give it a rest.
I was very happy during our shrine visit.
I'm sure...
I fell in love with Kazehaya-kun, and I changed.
You don't need to do anything.
I thought it was impossible...
I love you more than anyone else.
I wonder if those two are already there.
"I just got here."
Yeah, I'm nervous too!
Just like me!
What? You're kidding, right?
It doesn't "look" real...
Me too!
simultaneousGive me a boyfriend, amen!
No...
Oh my God, how cute!
So Pin-sensei, are you here alone drinking away your sorrows?
I'm very happy for you!
Relax...
Did she tell you why she was crying behind the school?
Let?
That's what you get. Make a wrong move and we're talking Dumpsville instead of dating.
No, I won't be out too late. Uh-huh.
What if I got married, how would you feel?
Actually, I didn't take that seriously.
Yes.
Go out with me.
I will care for you, always.
I can't look at you without having secret desires!
What about Sadako? Still in Strawberry Time?
I'm so happy.
It looks like they're discussing something.
Huh? Every girl who gets black magic advice from her gets asked out!
She's both feared and worshipped. She's now a goddess.
Yeah, nothing to worry about here.
Give me a lucky charm!
G-Good morning.
It's my privilege.
No, I'm going to carry the other bag.
Sorry, Kuronuma!
Right now, I'm standing above those feelings.
His girlfriend? Are you sure?
What's so funny, Kurumi?
Aren't you just like that?
crosstalkWere Yoshida and Yano involved?
crosstalkIt doesn't make sense!
You started that rumor, you have no right to say that!
Kazehaya absolutely hates people who have hidden agendas and rat on people.
It's a complicated mess.
You know perfectly well that I'm the Grand MVP.
Despite everything, some of your words did make me think. Thank you.
Damn straight!
And I fed Kuronuma some good advice when you weren't watching.
You aren't listening, are you?
I'm going out with him.
Anything else?
Yeah, she seemed ready to get yelled at, and I was about to do it.
I didn't because she never said anything.
Ouch.
That thought there probably surprised me most of all.
I won't!
You're sweeter than I thought, Ayane.
In a way.
Don't sweat it.
I woke up early because of the jitters.
And these are the chocolates I didn't give you for Valentine's Day.
Just be yourself.
Sorry, I keep thinking I'm the only one in love.
No.
No good.
Darn.
In more ways than one.
Why do you look like that when you smile?
Morning.
Chizu-chan and Ayane-chan.
Usually it just sort of happens.
Isn't that rude?
Sadako's...
-kun.
Kazehaya, you're screwed.
I'll go.
You're excused from school.
Kuronuma, can you play soccer?
You look pretty slow.
I wonder if we're going to choose sports day events.
We better head back, we're going to be late for fifth period.
I need a ball.
It's like he's chilling as usual.
I wonder what he looks like playing softball.
We're heading back.
What's up with you?
Let's go eat, Yano-chin.
I'm going to get fat hanging out with you.
Sure, we'll do it.
You want to borrow the soccer ball?
Yes.
Can't you make an exception?
So much for that plan.
This seat's empty.
Okay, I'll bring it next time.
Go get it, Sadako.
Nice shot!
No one's back yet.
And so girly.
Kuronuma Sawako-chan, right?
My real name...
because I remember thinking you were like a doll.
I uh...
It's so hot.
Sadako's sort of evolved too.
There you go again, Yoshida-san.
Then again, we're both calling her Sadako.
Do you think a perm would look good on me?
Try perming it?
Risqu.
I'll live with this for the rest of my life.
You wanted to be cute, huh?
heck, take ten balls even.
Let's go for the win on sports day.
Practice again today?
She's an idol and I'm her fan.
Yeah, fa
G-Got it!
They're pumped up.
Oh no.
Hold on.
She's so cute, nice and friendly.
Here you go.
K-Kurumi-chan.
I'm so happy.
Woo!
You can talk to me about it if you want.
I knew it.
Chizu-chan, it's her this time.
Me too.
You were on Yumi's side, Chizu?
Of course.
You're so being used.
I'm going to get something to drink.
Shit, I called her name but now I'm nervous.
That's all.
Kazehaya-kun was thinking the same thing I was.
Kazehaya-kun
Like, this big.
I want to talk to her, girl to girl.
Girl to girl.
Kurumi-chan.
Me? Be of use to her?
Don't worry, I'll tell you exactly.
It's someone you know well.
We're going to a baseball game, but it's the Giants vs. Yokohama!
I'm free until five, you know.
I'll go to meet you nearby.
I am, I am!
"When I look at her face, I feel like I am becoming more beautiful as well.
When I think of her, my mind is overwhelmed with a sense of exaltation.
If the mysterious thing called love really exists..."
You'll bite your tongue if you keep talking.
Thanks.
but we're ahead of schedule,
It looks like they're shooting a movie there!
It's only one station, so I can just run there!
Don't worry. I won't steal Nanami's boyfriend.
Sorry for making you wait.
But, I...
It's okay.
Are you making fun of me?!
You're all lovey-dovey, aren't you?
Yeah! We're going out! We're making out too!classy move
Feelings change.
Like a festival!
But...
Then how about the emergency stairs?
You have until 10 PM, which is when the teacher will come to check if we're sleeping.
I don't care how mad she is,
I don't care how much she'll hate me,
I want to see her!
I'm so surprised!
I almost called the police on this creepy guy hanging around my house!
We're here on a school trip now. Would you call her for me?
You're worrying too much.
Yeah...
Your parents must've been worried too.
What?!
She was just being stubborn...
Where are you, Eba?
But we're family...
Yet...
but you forgot your phone...
I kinda know what happened with Nanami.
...really sorry.
I'm stupid, insensitive, and I fail at being straightforward.
It ain't something you just decide on a whim.
No, it really
Does it matter?
I've loved you.
I've loved you for such a long time.
But there are no flowers...
Yeah!
But now I feel like it'll be okay!
Sure.
Then it doesn't have to be long-distance!
Yeah.
Something wrong?
I will! Haruto, you will too, right?
No, I was.
To be honest, I'll be going to Fantasy Land with Rin-chan today.
She was the one who asked me out.
I can't believe she's running late.
About what?
Wow... what a set-up.
This was the first time Rin's invited me to something, so I was excited.
Let's go home.
We'll go home as soon as I've bought it.
But...
What are you talking about?
Ah, yes?
Going to work right after a date.
My sister told me, but that's a pretty flimsy excuse.
you just wanted to go on a date with your ex-girlfriend, no?
That's not true!
Those few lines...
Right right, this is just between us.
Look.
...is not what I would do!
Thank you!
How was Rin-chan?
I'm tired.
I see. That must have been tough.
I wanted to discuss something about the trip with you, as well.
Eh?
What are you doing?May need retime
Oh... he's asleep.
If you're just doing it for me, then I don't really...
If that's the case... It's fine.
I see.
I haven't been visiting since then either,
Yeah.
...sorry!
Yeah... thanks.
Well then, why don't we both head out to the countryside on the same day?
You...
Don't say things like that out of the blue.
I'm sorry.
We didn't do anything yet!
Be sure to help around your parents' house.
You'll be late if you don't hurry.
We'll see each other as soon as you get back.
We'll get back to "that" when I get back.
I guess I couldn't...
They said they'll be visiting from the 9th of August.
I'll be waiting!
What are you saying?
That's a pushy way to call people over.
You look good too, Kanzaki.
Ah, how nice.
It's a shame that Asuka-chan bailed on the trip.
The guys are really stupid.
Yeah.
She was.
Why'd you try so hard to stay so long in the bath?
Eh?
Yeah, I thought I ought to tell you too.
You went together to the theme park the other day, too.
I will, good night.
I'm glad we made it in time.
Or a long distance relationship...
Or if you're uneasy with it, I can go to Tokyo.
Haruto-kun.
Yeah. Feels like it was so long ago...
What isn't right?
She just came here.I ran into her right now
Ah, this is my little sister, Rin.
There are a lot of nature reserves in the area.
Your little sister is cute, too.
I'm sorry.
Hold on tight, or you'll fall.
He certainly was a great boyfriend.
by himself with his ex.
I'm already full.
Moreover, let's light some fireworks, Haruto.
What do we do?
Oh, come on.
Well... Be careful on your way back.
Yeah, that's true.
Let's go to the summer festival by ourselves, only the two of us.
I would have loved to show you the summer festival, Rin-chan...
Tough luck.
One more time! I'll definitely get it this time!
I give up.
Oh, no, don't mind me. It's nothing.
I wasn't really...
When I go back to Tokyo, I won't be able to see you again.
I'm not going to hold you back from your happiness any longer.
Hey, wait!
It's me, it's me.
Are you all right?
I was just wondering what you were doing.
Huh?
Yeah, Mishima Asuka.
Really?
Well, I guess that's true.
I understand. I'll wait.
because I love her.
She's always trusted me.
She doesn't have any personality flaws or anything...
Haruto-kun?
What did you tell her?
That alone makes it okay.
You'd better not run away from it and face each other.
Yeah.
No, I'm pretty glad she was so frank with me.
Yeah. I'm tired of always living with my sister.
You two will try your best to move on together.
Wow! The air is delicious.
It's a huge city to me.
That bitch!
Call the police.
I would never have thought we'd be classmates.
They're just like your childhood friends Akari-chan and Takashi-kun.
The accent slips out when she gets excited.
He's from Hiroshima.
We're organising a welcome party so we can all go out together.
Oh... Coming!
Is that all right?
Good timing!
You're too unguarded!
Say, you tend to come straight home after school.
Yet you turned them down like it was a bother and went home.
The food you cooked is going to get cold.turn bad.
Anyway, you're the one who shouldn't force yourself to speak the standard.
How so?
That makes you a complete stalker.
I want to hear for myself the truth from her mouth.
Are you stalking me this time around?
Your way of thinking is just weird.
you want to get back at her!
I'm Eba Yuzuki from Tokyo.
Don't say such weird stuff.
I grew to really like this place at that time.
For a reason like that?
Wow
I sent my clothes over, but I don't think they have arrived yet.
In any case,
The one who'll be staying at your place?
Hey, go ahead first.
Just do it when I tell you to!
I see.
Of course I'd be wearing panties!
How's that possible?
That's enough! You've had your share of amusement.
Oh? Yeah...
Morning!
It's the same for me.
I wonder if they have Fruit Milk?
My face feels hot.
You're noisy, Takashi.
Kirishima-kun
How did you make it back?
If I took a break, you wouldn't have your bento and you'd struggle to get to school.
Could Mum have thrown it away?
Of course I didn't go alone.
Y-Yeah.
Do you seriously think every guy in the world would be happy getting a kiss from you?
But don't get too cocky!
No! I was only...
After all, you prefer it that way!
You should take the day off from school.
Your father drove her there.
Why the heck isn't she back yet?!
I can't do a single thing!
That better be true!
Maybe right now, you're actually in a love hotel.
But is he really that eager to visit a girls' school festival?
Anyway, you should have spoken to me, since I have tickets as well.
Say so earlier, would ya?
Well, I'll be going in any case.
Well... I...
Almost...
Enough is enough!
Suddenly, you became so difficult to contact.
Hey, Mina.
Kita High! Fight!
Kazama.
It's only the two of us taking a drive on a bike.
Oh Did you have other things in mind?
Yeah?
But I still find it hard to believe.
I'd have said that too.
I'd rather have her getting a boyfriend, which is probably better for her.
You think it's that easy?!
So don't worry about it.
He's only anaemic.
What?
Otherwise, we'd have committed double suicide together.
You're actually a really wishy washy lady boy.
Nice to meet you.
Are you really all right?
That must be why he's been having an unrequited love for so many years.
Of course! Yuzuki-chan started making lunch for you.
Eba said she'd make lunch herself,
And you've started riding your bike together like it's no big deal.
She probably also thinks you two are going out.
Were you looking for her?
Kirishima-kun is the only one who feels that way about Yuzuki-chan!
Yeah.
What are you doing?
That's not it.
Brake! Use the brake!
No!
You'd be a bother to me?
Yes.
Even that time...
W-What's this supposed to be?
Shut up.
Yuzuki-chan, your dad is on the phone from Tokyo.
Huh?
Eba said the first time she met me was during senior high school.
I have no idea.
Seriously, where did Takashi and Akari go?
I'm scared.
That's right, you never told me your name.
My dad's probably worried.
When I first met you during that summer, I told you, right?
You don't know?
Hey Eba, why don't you eat with us?
The bread won't taste as delicious when you eat alone, right?
And I wanted to listen to Eba's singing...
I'm sorry.
There are so many things that we'll never be able to understand with our tiny heads.
Hey, you!
What will I do? Well...
Visit you?
Yes.
I can't accept that.
I'm only here to tell Kazama about us.
Of course, if this continues, I'll only get jealous of Kazama.
Even if I've only known him for a month, Kazama is my best friend.
Say.
Huh?
What about you?
Oh, awesome.
They're really delicious.
If you make it like this, even a tomato-hater will eat it.
Don't worry, I won't do anything.
What?
What is it?
That constantly troubled expression... Don't you have anything besides that bitter smile?
What?
It could save your life, so why won't you?!
Umm...
You're just here out of your own selfishness, aren't you?
It's important, but we shouldn't be deciding for him...
Hey, Kiyomi!
Kyousuke-kun should have the surgery.
He's important to me, too.
but I can't lie to him.
I know, right?
That's Kazama's decision.
We can't pressure him.
Yo!
Kirishima!
You forgot something!
It was just a routine check-up.
That's why... I'll have the surgery.
Until then, I won't lay a hand on Eba.
What? You waited for me?
I was thinking of going along with you.
Kyousuke's surgery sure took a long time.
Ah, hold on!
I see.
Really, you'll laugh like an elementary school student.
Eh?
How can you act calm, like as if nothing happened?
I can't help it.
If only I'd been more opposed to the surgery...
Among the lights of the town, more dizzyingly beautiful and brighter than the stars,
What, were you still sleeping?
Delicious! I'm so happy.
I love cooking, but it's not something I'd end up doing.
Why are you talking about this, all of a sudden?
Yes?
I also have a girlfriend now.
I'm not used to it yet, but I'm fine.
It's the second year I got to know at the circle introduction.
Wow. That's an amazing coincidence.
So we should let him go home.
Don't 'eh' me, get out your phone.
What's this all of a sudden?
As if!
But if they invited you to a group date, it looks like you've made some friends.
Asuka! What are you doing at this time?
Such a coincidence.
Is that so?
Did I say something inappropriate?
Ah, got it.
Rin-chan, can you hold this for a moment?
I ran into her unexpectedly when I went to the group date.
Compared to that, you seemed pretty happy.
Even though you loved Nee-san so much.
Is this too much?
can we create a safe, secure community.
Yesterday you forgot where your desk and locker were.
It was like you had amnesia.
Can't get married.
Where!?
Hey, Tessie?
Inside our braided cords
Kuchikamisake.
Sell it with photos and behind-the-scenes videos.
I'm sick of this life!
It was your turn to cook, remember?
Finish off the miso soup.
I gotta pee.
Where's your lunch?
What? I could live for a month on the price of these pancakes!
Better hurry, then.
Oh! U-Um...
Is everything all right?
I handled it by the book, but...
This won't take long.
Don't give me that crap!
So you're not feelin your boobs up today?
W-Why is everyone starin at me?
Well... yeah.
Obviously, we need to set some rules to keep our lives intact.
You two have a good thing going!
Gran, why is the body of our shrine's god all way out here?
Those are the god's art, and they represent the flow of time itself.
They come together to make a shape,
Whether it's water, rice, or sak,
Offer it inside the god's body.
Tears?
Why?
That's good.
Taki, you
Oh, it's you, Tessie.
I wanted to meet her.
You don't actually know where she is?
What? After all the trouble we went through?
Got it.
I'm starting to think that I'm on the wrong track here.
Yeah, Itomori!
I remember this high school clearly!
He's still reading up on Itomori.
Newspapers and magazines. Just anything from around when it happened.
What do you think of Taki's story?
I liked him, you know.
It was all just a dream.
Okudera. I, uh...
Taki...
That was good.
This is the edge of the next world.
It's the sak we carried up here.
Our timelines were offset.
My little sister!
Sis finally cracked.
You're not Mitsuha, are you?
'Course, by now, I've forgotten whose life I was dreamin about.
Oh, gosh. Mitsuha, what happened?
Why aren't you at school, Sayaka?
The high school is outside the disaster area,
How dare you come to me with nonsense like that?
I'll get someone to drive you to the city hospital.
Who are you?
Later.
Is it just me who can't?
Yesterday you up and left for Tokyo.
Are you there?
That night...
What? Now?
You have a boyfriend in Tokyo?
Taki!
Oh yeah, and you felt my chest up!
Uh, yeah, sorry, I just... I only did it once.
did I come here?
What's Chubu Electric saying?
The high school is the shelter!
It's over.
Sis?
Nothing more, nothing less than a beautiful view.
So I want to create the type of city that would warm people, even if it were only a memory.
You were in high school back then, so it must have been...
You said you wanted a wedding in a chapel.
Gran, do you want last night's leftovers?
Morning.
You're back to normal.
We're headin out!
Morning.
Stop bein rude.
Quit with the supernatural crap.note that this ties in with the shit Tessie brings up later
He's even tough on family.
Other expressions include "afterlight"
No.
I've got it. That must have been...
Or maybe your subconscious is linked to the Everett multiverse.
I can't take this town anymore.
Can't get a job.
You know there ain't one.
What are you doing after you graduate?
What's this?
Nothin special.
I figure I'll keep on living a normal life, right here.
When you keep twinin like that,
emotions will start runnin between you and the thread.
It's the oldest sak in the world.
This is too real.
Waltzing in at noon, huh?
At least you sound apologetic.
Tables 6, 7, and 10 are waiting!
We didn't order that.
I've got this.
Ms. Okudera. Thanks for
Okudera, your skirt!
Take off your skirt, please!
Thank you so much.
Tsukasa, did you prank my phone and...
Wha What?
Hey, everyone.
Let's make this a good one.
Breakfast!
My boobs?
Doesn't matter who wins. It's just about who holds the purse strings.
Shh! There are kids whose livelihood depends on that stuff.
Joinin people is musubi.
sometimes coming undone, breaking off, then reunitin.
So what does this have to do with today's offerin?
This is the edge of the other side.
Why?
Sorry I'm late.
What are you doing here?
Tsukasa, what the hell?
Every single one of you...
The switching stopped.
What?
Think we can get back to Tokyo today?
I'm starting to think that I'm on the wrong track here.
Yeah, it's Itomori, all right.
I'm sure this is it.
The schoolyard. The surrounding mountains.
Died?
I still have the journals she left behind.
There has to be some kind of mistake. I mean, she died three years ago!
What did I...
I'm sorry we could only get one room.
Her name...
Taki...
This is the edge of the next world.
I'm gonna head out alone today.
She's completely lost it.
Scary.
were leading up to what will happen today.
Forget that! If nothing is done, everyone will die tonight!
Hey, don't come so close.
What, embarrassed? Hey, hey!
Sorry to make you run errands.
Broadcast hijacking!?
The high school is outside the disaster area,
Well, I guess y'all can cook up whatever you want.
I said, we have to evacuate everyone in town before tonight,
Mitsuha?
What was that?
Could Mitsuha...
I'm goin to Tokyo for a bit.
It's not my date.
Excuse me.
Um, it's me!
Seriously, you're such an...
It's coming.
I wanted to tell you.
Who are you? Who are you?
No forest fire yet? Are you sure?
Figure out where it's coming from!
Please don't panic,
The high school is the shelter!
I'm going to go take a look!
It broke!
To build a cityscape...
I have eight.
Five years.
Nandemonaiya
"Sis"? Me?
I'll fix breakfast tomorrow.
We're leaving!
You were totally possessed!
Mitsuha's already stressed enough as it is. Right?
It was like ya had amnesia.
Now that you mention it, I do feel like I've been having weird dreams lately...
Like a dream about someone else's life?
Wait a sec, I've got it!
It might be stress.
No bookstores. No dentists.
Things must be rough for 'er.
What?
Here she goes again.
As if leaving Shinto priesthood and this house weren't enough,
Have another, Mr. Foreman.
You'll get your votes from the Kadoiri an' Sakagami districts.
How's the datin' scene?
Katsuhiko, you're helpin' on site this weekend.
Is that Yotsuha?
"Kuchikamisake."
The way it's made
There are liquor laws!
Please make me a handsome Tokyo boy in my next life!
What a silly girl...
Finish the miso.
You ignored my text, too.
Uh... Well...
A gal!
Where's your lunch?
What's up with you?
Let's make a croquette-egg sandwich.
Thank you.
Wanna hit the cafe later?
I think I'm late for work!
Taki, you've gotta talk louder!
I don't even think we even have toothpicks at this re
Okudera...
It's way cuter now!
Wait a second, was that you, Tsukasa?
I think he was kind of... cute, yesterday.
I feel like everyone's starin' at me for some reason.
They're talking about me, right?
But...
Mitsuha?
I cannot believe this girl!
I shouldn't, for her sake.
maybe we can see the comet.
Oh,
Mitsuha,
But why?
She's almost where?
Hi, Taki.
We could get dinner...
No, I just didn't feel like going, that's all.
What? The festival?
She just felt like cuttin' off that much of it?
What are you doing here?
He's saying she's from a dating site.
What?
Guess we'll help you search.
Oh, how cute! Look!
Oh, it moved!
A Takayama ramen.
I guess I'll have the same.
I'm starting to feel like maybe I've been barking up the wrong tree.
Itomori!
Hey.
Died?
and Sayaka...
No problem.
I'd been trying to quit, but...
Oh, Ms. Okudera.
Sure.
Why am I...
What? Wait, Sis!
Mitsuha! Don't stay there!
Forgotten...
What if all those dreams that the Miyamizu family had all had to do with today?
It's up to us to save everyone!
The alert system?
It ain't proper, and you know it!
Some pay this is.
Nice one, Tessie!
See you.
Later.
Mitsuha!
Hey, Mitsuha!
What's Taki doing here?
You have a boyfriend in Tokyo?
Taki!
I drank your kuchikamisake.
It was just once.
Of course I wouldn't recognize you.
It's time you got it back.
Yeah.
Why've you gotta be like that?
Listen.
Don't worry.
I'll do my best.
Magic hour is almost...
Hey, Mitsuha.
So we don't forget when we wake up...
Let's write down our names.
Your name is Mitsuha.
He said sorry for breaking your bike.
There is danger of further explosions and forest fires.
Forest fire! Please evacuate!
You started all this!
Oh, Mitsuha.
What's Chubu Electric sayin'?
Oh, no.
What do you think you're doing?
and meteors are falling to Earth!
Even Tokyo could vanish too, one day.
Who asked you?
Does it really look that bad?
What brings you here today?
Thanks for today.
I'm sure you'll find your happiness someday, too.
I thought so too!
Breakfast!
You were nuts yesterday.
Study hard!
Yeah, did your grandma exorcise you?
and "kawatare-doki."
I've heard that Itomori's elderly still use classical language.
We're in the boonies, after all.
Never mind.
For sure. There's really nothing out here.
No bookstore. No dentist.
But two pubs for some reason.
Can't get a job.
What? A caf?
Hello.
What are you doing after you graduate?
emotions will start flowing between you and the thread.
The fire has his name? Poor Mayugoro.
Don't talk nonsense.
Hey! Bring us some more hot sak.
It's the oldest sak in the world.
Hey, look. It's Miyamizu.
Onee-chan, cheer up.
I don't know where you get these ideas.
Sell it with photos and behind-the-scenes videos.
No! That's against the liquor laws.
Truly an idiot.
Taki.
A.... A fella like me...
Feels like you're sleepwalking.
You had a shift today?
Table 12! Taki!
You, there. Waiter.
That guy was totally full of it.
Thank you so much.
Um, er... I don't really remember.
Don't give me that crap!
That's me they're talking about, right?
Wait Mitsuha?
Mitsuha, Yotsuha, do you know what "Musubi" means?
Tying thread is Musubi.
what you put in your body binds to your soul, and Musubi is all about binding.
Sorry. You wait long?
I just got here.
They must be together about now.
Why?
Really?
Taki-kun.
Forgive me if I'm wrong, okay?
Oh, it's you, Tessie.
Oh yeah, the comet. Today's the brightest it'll get, right?
Oh, finally!
Took you long enough.
Your... your... your...
Oh, gosh. What happened, Mitsuha?
What?
So annoying.
One for me too, then.
Thank you.
Taki-kun, are you sure that's all right?
Isn't it, dear?
Itomori?
No way!
And Sayaka.
I'm sorry we could only get one room.
Like he was trying so hard. It was cute.
Mitsuha, you can't stay.
Mitsuha, run!
You're not Mitsuha, are you?
That means it's time for us to get to work!
Sayaka-chan, why aren't you at school?
What a cheap fee.
Yes. We have water-gel explosives for construction at our warehouse.
In the end, we ain't gonna get everyone out without city hall's help.
Do you know how Lake Itomori was formed?
Oh! So that's why...
How dare you come to me with nonsense like that?
I'll get someone to drive you to the city hospital.
How'd it go with your old man?
What's wrong with your sister?
Are you there?
It's gone.
I'm going to Tokyo for a bit.
What for?
Don't you remember me?
Who are you?
It's really you!
You idiot! Pervert!
Just once?
I've had it for three years.
Hey, Mitsuha.
I wanted to tell you.
Mitsuha!
I've no idea!
What's wrong?
The landscapes of humankind...
I haven't been counting.
Well, it feels incredibly realistic...
Mitsuha!
Hey, Miyamizu.
When the world blurs and one might encounter something not human.
Older expressions include "karetaso-doki"
I've heard that Itomori's elderly still use classical language.
Oh, so you remember your name today.
I know! That was...
You been feeling alright?
Maybe it's stress. That ritual is coming up, isn't it?
Trains come every 2 hours.
Short sunlight hours.
When you keep twining like that,
It's not that easy.
Yes!
What a fool...
Ow!
What? Who's it from? Tsukasa? Who's that?
Let's go to a caf.
Oh, yes?
Okudera-san...
No, uh...
Hey, Taki!
Done!
Wow, Taki-kun! It looks better than before!
"JR Yamanote Line: 8 min."
You're not touching your boobs today.
Doesn't matter who wins. It's all about how to serve up the grants.
Shh! Someone's livelihood depends on it.
We're going now! Get ready!
Here, Grandma.
Mitsuha, Yotsuha, do you know "Musubi"?
These are all the god's power.
That's also Musubi.
what is most important to you.
You'll offer it inside the god's body.
Tears? Why?
I just got here.
Oh! Hey! You can see it!
A con act?
Seriously. What a lousy tour planner.
Oh, it moved!
So it's impossible after all...
Itomori? No way!
Is it where that comet...?
No. I'm sure this is it.
This schoolyard. The mountains. I remember this high school clearly!
That can't be.
Just 2, 3 weeks ago, she said to me that the comet would be visible.
He's still reading articles on Itomori.
Tsukasa-kun went to take a bath.
Braided cords. How pretty.
Who was it?
Taki-kun...
Your drawing of Itomori... It was good.
There it is!
It wasn't just a dream!
You're both my treasures.
You're an older sister now.
Don't be full of yourself. Not like YOU have a girlfriend.
She's completely lost it.
You knew, Grandma?
Oh, that's it?
What, embarrassed? Hey, hey!
It's all right.
- Why? - You're in the broadcast club.
It's a meteor crater! So one did strike this area a thousand years ago!
What on earth are you talking about?
Who...
What are you saying?
Hey, Mitsuha?
Are you there?
Hey, Mitsuha!
Please!
I'm in Taki-kun's body.
I'm sorry.
Mitsuha!
Oh yeah, and you touched my boobs!
You're lying!
over.
Hey, Mitsuha. So we don't forget when we wake up...
Mitsuha. Mitsuha. Mitsuha. Your name is Mitsuha.
Who are you?
Then I guess we got no choice. Now we're both criminals!
What? I really have to do it?
When the town's power goes out, the equipment there should work on backup.
Please, Saya-chin! Repeat it as much as you can!
- Soon, you think? - I've no idea!
Hey, look!
We don't have enough time! Mitsuha!
Dad!
I haven't had much luck.
Lose the beard before the wedding. I'll lose 3 kg.
Breakfast time!
You two sure would make a great couple!
It's only when all these goals are achieved that a safe and secure community can be assured!
Mitsuha!
A poetic, bittersweet time known for encounters with the supernatural.
She sure is a film nut.
What? No way!
Never mind.
Hey, Tessie.
What will you do after high school?
Listen to the voices of the threads.
But even if words are gone, the tradition shouldn't fade.
But that foolish son-in-law of mine...
What was that?
"Kuchikamisake."
Please make me a handsome Tokyo boy in my next life!
Where...
Guess who's opening at our next gig...
Oh, that new one? Sure.
Here you go.
We didn't order that.
Uh, well...
Is everything all right?
We just had some bad luck, is all.
Oh! I'll look the other way!
Wish I lived in Tokyo too.
It's her!
Oh, never mind.
What?
Don't play dumb.
Oh really, now?
Okudera coming through.
I see you're not touchin' your boobies today.
Breakfast time!
Why the uniform?
'Cause of Mayugoro, I don't really know.
Hop on, Grandma.
when somethin' becomes a part of a person, it ties into their soul.
The netherworld!
The kuchikamisake.
You'll offer it at the foot of the god's relic.
The comet?
Ms. Okudera?
Let's go.
I guess he's not coming.
You're like a different person today.
What's she talking about?
Later, then.
Your... your...
Oh!
What are you doing here?
The town's scenery is your only clue?
Seriously, guys...
Oh, it moved!
One Takayama ramen.
I'm starting to feel like maybe I've been barking up the wrong tree.
It's nearby, isn't it?
made a close pass by Earth three years ago in October.
and now nobody lives in Itomori at all.
How's Taki?
What was her name?
I'm really sorry, but thanks.
The cords represent the flow of time itself.
Musubi.
Get a hold of yourself!
Not Miyamizu Shrine.
It'll be at its brightest today, won't it?
Her sister!
She's lost it.
For all you stargazers out there, Comet Tiamat has been visible to the naked eye for about a week now.
It's tonight.
Treasure the experience.
Looked better before, huh?
I don't mind.
Some pay this is.
Got an evacuation plan?
Broadcast hijacking?
See you guys at the festival. Bye!
Is there something over there?
Hey, what the...
I'm Taki again.
Um... It's me!
Taki, are you...
Taki.
Really, why'd you come see me before I knew you?
Mitsuha,
Listen.
It's coming.
Don't worry.
...over.
Mitsuha?
Why did I come here?
Who did?
I did.
Make the broadcast once it does.
They're saying to evacuate!
Forest fire! Please evacuate!
What's wrong?
The high school?
We are currently investigating the reported incident.
Tidal forces don't seem to have affected...
It would be extremely difficult to predict their trajectories.
As we stand here witnessing this spectacle, unassisted, and with our bare eyes,
This won't help me remember your name...
Thanks for today.
I wanna go to another bridal fair.
Thank you very much!
I am Ichinomiya Kou,
fscx95heir to the Ichinomiya Company, the greatest enterprise in the world.
Basically, I was born a winner.
They hung them up there and split.
On the contrary, those guys are indebted to me for not getting angry.
Okay then.
Calm down.
No! Ill pass!
When I turned three
What have I done?
No, no, no!
Hey!
Raw fish?!
Oh, youre alive.
Well, first off, Ill apologize.
No thanks! Im still full from the stuff I just threw up!
Having saved my life means that,
The only other thing thats usable is the tapa.
Because of its location, the humidity and noise must be horrid.
I have eight hundred million or so to spend freely.
Its done.
If you dont
When Im indebted, this chronic illness that runs in the Ichinomiya family comes up.
R-Really?
The Ichinomiya family doctrine is absolute.
fall in love with me?
Yes.
Please dont die in my house.
A place where youre used to living is fine.
If I must choose a new home, please let me live in a villa.
The villas this way.
By thinking that way, I wont hesitate.
Be realistically positive!
I cant be depressed!
Chief?
Yeah, the Chief, right?
Hell definitely be easier to talk to than this nonsensical girl.
That is what I think,
Is that so? I understand now.
Sure.
Youre kidding!
Im not prepared yet!
I knew it.
You cant help being surprised.
Hey, I do have one request, though.
I-Im sorry.
Or rather, I can see the zipper.
Youre wrong.
Im like this because Im a kappa.
Youll be disliked for discussing peoples bodies.
Hes not a kappa!
Damn. Got no choice.
You were just filled up with water!
Arent you just wearing the kappa costume because you like it?!
I can!
Youre completely off-topic!
Enough. Drop that. Lets move on.
but my savior complies with the rules here.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do!
Kay, its decided.
But this is bullying, isnt it?!
Nothing else can be done.
Naiteitoreta.
Ill take Recruit, please.
Yes, thisll be fine. No problem!
and even thought this cloth was good enough.
Thats what the Chief said.
Nino-san, good nigh
I see. Close to the temperature of the sun, then.
These words are too shallow for the sea.
even if there is no end in sight
Why? Well,
Im all alone with her in my room!
Whats the matter?
Are you eating?
Its delicious!
Even though its under a bridge, Ive never had a girl in my room.
Nino-san!
Which beauty parlor do you go to?
She lives under a bridge.
Her name.
What is?
From what I remember, Nino-san is
an extreme astronomy nerd and sci-fi fan.
So, with that assumption and Venus as a topic, things may just get exciting.
Should I go with Venusian politics instead?
Whats the matter?
Haaa bi ba nono.
Whos that?
Whos singing the song that makes me crave for a bath even more?
Bi ba no.
Like that!
I dont think Nino-san is the type whod be bothered by it.
I have to be sure to make up for Nino-sans lack of common sense.
You dont need that kind of common sense!
AhThis feels great.
Ive actually yearned to try a drum bath.
When I was very young, my father once washed my hair.
I washed it because I wanted to.
Hold the introductions for later.
Hey, hey, if you dont eat the bones, your body will be all flabby. funyafunya- limp, soft, flabby
If you dont get calcium, your iron mask will become brittle.
Its Mass.
Mass?
Look, Rec.
Thats more like a brother than a sister!
Me too!
I-Ill do my best.
Well, rather than rumors
No!
I...
Rec said I should put this on and just wander around.
Right? The deadline's nowhere in sight. Why should we waste our time down here?
So... was he the manager, or the director?
He was a total stranger.
If these people don't want us down here, they should just tell us to our face.
I was writing a song to cheer you on.
Hey, Hoshi...
This might not be Rec.
Oh, you're right. Then who is he?
Well...
I don't care about the others. But Nino, you've got the wrong guy!
I'd be happy to transfer Miss Nino's hug to y
Well, they did put up all this "keep out" tape everywhere.
What is it?
Don't try to come off like you're thinking of everyone.
Stop messing around. Even if there were a stage, no stupid satellite would get to sing on it.
What's with all these demands?
And a satellite would be nice!
Come on, people. Now isn't the time for this!
Yeah, why?
Woohoo!
You made such a big deal out of it.
Rec's a wimp!
You're just gonna keep on dragging your stupid heels.
Whoa, are you serious?
falling?
No, you should go first. You're the professional star, after all!
Plus, if it's for Nino
Actually, I've been instructed not to forward your calls to him anymore.
There's really nothing more to say, so if you'll excuse me.
He might really cut our funding, you know.
I'll handle it from here. Thanks a bunch.
I dunno what's going on, but I'm glad you're happy about it.
Hey, can you hear me?
My lover's doing everything he can for us.
Thank Mr. Rope for holding up a fat little piggy like you,
He's running away!
Don't even finish that thought.
No matter what
Sure.
He sounds like some kind of freak!
Um, excuse me!
Huh? Are you serious?
chil
The bridge is destroyed! So are everyone's houses!
Next time, on 13 BRIDGE!
Blue Venusian!
Yellow Venusian!
Don't tell me you being here is just a coincidence!
Let's get everyone together and head to the salon.
You too, Rec.
Nino's just here for a shampoo treatment!
By the by...
But... our forbidden love!
And I'd be lying if I repeated you.
Good. We'll go back again sometime.
I wanna go, too.
Why'd you have to squeeze into another suit?!
You have my permission to beat him!
Us, too!
So this is real, too?!
My commanding officer would often take me to the front lines.
Not true, Rec! It doesn't even go all that fast.
Sister spent a lot of time building it.
There it is!
Me first!
none of them seem to grasp the idea of a fair.
Look, Rec! Look what I got!
I got a red one!
Why don't you tell me about it?
Oh yeah?
That's not true at all! This is just how I look when I reflect on my mistakes!
No! What am I-?! It's not like that!
Huh?
La la la looove youuu!
Gross.
Nino's at my place.
It's out of the entire city!
I don't even know how far it went.
Yeah!
All right! Bring it on!
I'm the Hypersonic Amphibious Kappa!
Just stayed up all night, talking to his line marker.
I hope the police don't hear him yelling that. He'll have more than a marathon to worry about then.
That's the end of Whitey!
You can do that?
I bet 10 fish it'd be me and then you, in that order!
I'd like to bet 100 fish on me-first place!
Hmm...
Taking the lead is the dark horse, Recruit! AKA scrawny little pansy-ass!
Say what you want!
Damn!
I'm surprised.
Thanks, everybody! The spotlight's so bright, I can hardly see your smiling faces!
And look at your knees shake.
Billy...
Wh-What is this?
I can't make out what they are...
If you really want to insist we're all in the Amazon...
I could get one from any grocery store in the country!
I'm just someone who lives further downstream! I'm out here looking for a homerun baseball!
Did you need something?
Watch and learn!
Hey, hold on. This... this isn't a blowgun or anything.
Yes, "they"! It wasn't a dream, I swear!
Don't you understand? I really did see an Amazon!
And tengu are super cool!
Are you awake?
A flower?
Which means... you're aliens from outer space!
Seriously?
Equip!
Laugh while you still can.
Your true hell will begin the moment we pop!
You've always been so uptight, even back on Venus!
Really? So you wanna talk about Venus?
Well, it's the perfume of the sexiest man in the world.
That's frickin' lame!
So you're to blame for this?!
Do not speak of this message to anyone.
I don't think God's voice is a bag of cookies.
Huh? The hell's wrong with you?
What? I'm just here to help today.
A little gift for youa cheat sheet full of lines girls love to hear their men say.
Yes.
But you ruined her tapes, too?!
Uh...
This brings back memories. I haven't had a pajama party since high school.
Looks like he's gone.
Was that wrong?
Wait!
Silly man...
You've got something seeping out of you, P-ko.
A-Anyway! The point is, they have to be forceful sometimes!
Hmm, that's true. Men have to be strong, right?
What's your ideal, Maria?
N-No, it's not
But I want to at least try to atone for what happened.
I knew you had it in you, but you finally let it out.
I just wanted to know more about Nino.
Now I'll never drop it!
And how can you sit there so nonchalant about the whole thing?
Next time, on 4 BRIDGE x2!
Don't worry, this won't last. He just can't help his kindness.
Wait, we're already filming?
Hey, P-ko! None of those guys intend on taking a supporting role!
Let's start with the scene between Piceaux and Ninophie.
Every delicious eggplant has its thorns.
No, wait. Potato?
The only man I love is Maire! Don't you see, Starlin?!
I'm not trying to rush to my death. The god of punk rock is just pushing me in that direction.
Rusty... you understand, don't you?
Not bad.
Ahh, I'm so excited! I can't wait!
Oh, Mr. Takai. That's so flattering!
Ah, it's starting!
I'll curse you!
You know... your "ghosts" seem to be very much alive and well.
Boo!
What?! Afraid of ghosts? I don't believe it!
Which means...
It must have been a hallucination.
Come on, Rec!
Good luck.
Who's behind this one? Let's take a peek
What kind of reaction is that, Rec?
Bingo! We need to come up with the perfect plan to pull that off.
Man... what's going on?
Faaaather!
Very nice, Mr. Takai.
B-BILLYYYY!!!
The Maestro is truly a sight to behold...
Ahh, that's awesome!
Really, Maestro?
This is so cool!
Don't be a baby.
What else have you done?
I-I'm just a simple Earth Defense Force captain who happens to draw comics in his spare time!
You just made up some huge lie to cover up a tiny little truth.
Oh, thanks.
The Chief said he wanted to see more of the comic.
I see. You catch it, push it right up to the brink, and then toss it back.
I am... the Queen of Venus!
You said you liked baby sardines!
Look...
But can you please stop making up stupid crap every single day?
Nino... that never really happened.
I need to go find out more, for posterity!
But I'm kind of curious how Billy celebrates an anniversary.
Even Big Bro can't handle that many. He's done for. DONE FOR!
Why would he go back after doing something like that?!
He said he promised his woman!
The queen bee's venom will be exchanged for her life.
Big Bro!
TWEEEET!
Oh, you're talking about that thing they do at pet stores.
I left them there 'cause I don't need 'em anymore.
I never said anything like that!
Isn't it like this, Nino?
Moooch mooch moochie moooch moocher.
What is this?
It's me.
I have a soft spot for hard workers.
What are you doing, Nino?!
Shimazaki, let's go out and have a drink!
Partypooper...
It'll be okay... I'm sure he was just bluffing.
I will.
Well, see...
I keep thinking, but I can't figure it out.
S-Sure, of course you can.
I...
Oh, I'm crying?
Recruit!
You want me to meet your parents?
That sounds great, but... Venus?
Are all Earthlings as perfect as you?
But you better use firm tofu, Rec. Understand?!
I did it!
What do you think you're doing with my Nino's ring finger, you rotten starfish?!
Are you sure, Hoshi? You wanna come with us, too?
Sounds great! I want to go!
It's only moe like that because it's a rough draft!
It's just easier for me since that's how I usually draw at work!
No, listen... that's not why I'm looking at you like this.
This is like the diary of a stalker!
I'm coming... right now.
Impeach, in-peach. Professor Pitt, like a peach pit in a peach. Get it?
You're an ass. Why would you just blurt that out during their act?
W-Well, it just occurred to me... So I thought... I mean...
Not only did they give me a clean bill of healththey said I could live to be a hundred!
You know, there's a legend that says people who eat kappa meat become immortal.
Maybe, but that's just for the people who eat the kappa.
No, no, no, no, no!
Bring it on!
What are those old geezers doing?
Miss Shimazaki, please don't say my results out loud. I'm begging you!
Okay. Next, I'd like to measure Miss Maria's height.
Mr. Shirai...
Magical Spirit Spell: "Make it look like my shell came off."
So? Did I pass?
With your elevated heart rate... I'm afraid you're suffering from... true love.
Maybe it's from all that line-riding stress.
They can't measure your blood sugar levels if you didn't fast.
It's not going to get any worse.
Are you okay, Hoshi?
It's so obvious you just got back from a hundred-meter dash, you dick!
I just saw you rub that under your pits!
You guys...
You know, they say that slightly unhealthy people tend to live even longer!
Yeah? Well you'd get disqualified in like three seconds!
She's right. In fact... I can't do it.
The girls are always disgustingly friendly with each other, but they still dropped out...
I-I told you, I'm the Chief!
I don't doubt it.
But at least make an effort to keep up the conversation! This is a test, after all!
But I guess they were actually good friends.
Beaver! Beaver! Beav
You're such a jokester, Last Samurai.
Because of that, small, timid people are troubled.
Well then, good night.
Happens a lot.
You spend a night with someone as amazingly cute as Nino,
Come forth!
Besides, I cant refuse someone whos crying.
I-I didnt cry!
Wait, thats really amazing!
Just like when you get into a pool,
Answer it, Rec!
Had a date
Its true.
Quit screwing around.
Even so, I never thought hed really cry.
So, Recruit, you
I what?
Y-Youre Well, are you actually
Youre a joke, Rec!
Well, ya know,
Just because youre her boyfriend? As her friend, of course Im
There are two extra cookies today.
And the 3,000 chocolates I receive
What were those who didnt leave their names with the chocolates trying to do?
Yes. Today, Ive come to invite you on a date.
Very impressive, Nino-san.
but nothing will change unless I rid her of her doubts.
Rainbow Bridge will be sectioned off just for our drive.
She accepted.
She understood!
Its not a picture story.
When it comes to a date, it includes both me and Nino-san.
Yes, thats right.
Well, to do all that, wed have to leave this river bed, wouldnt we?
What is your concern?
Youre an Earthling. Im a Venusian.
Would you go check that out with me?
Ill accompany you.
it seems this has taken a great deal of determination.
Does it take that long?
Im looking forward to this.
Its long-awaited, after all.
But the Village Chief is still the best.
Ill do an impersonation.
What is it?
Stop! I won't let you hurt Nino!
I knew you had it in you, Rec! You're a real player!
No phones in class!
Amazon... Amazon...
Yeah!
You've always been sickly, so you couldn't go to school until now.
That stuff you're wearing right now.
Whenever he looks at me or anyone else down here, it's more like...
Rec.
Oh, sorry Nino...
N-Nino?
I'm here for you now, and for the rest of your life!
Cow... sit...
You have good manners.
No, you don't.
What's that annoying noise?
Listen up! Love isn't something you can trick someone into!
It's kind of lonely with just the two of us.
I don't need a thousand Amazons! All I need is one Nino!
For real?
Well, one has an ulterior motive, and the other
Well, I'm pretty sure he wasn't carrying whatever weird thing you're imagining!
So who's this for, anyway
You're blocking the finish point of revered line-riding technique "Looming Flower Wheel"!
I-I'm sorry. I considered reporting in to you regarding this...
That's right. I had to send her to Los Angeles on a business trip to
What is the future outlook of the sport?
Well, let's start with the last question first.
I don't care about defending my singles world championship!
Oh, finally!
Give that back!
Your daughter should be knee-deep in her rebellious phase, and this is how she sees you?!
Today's dessert is "gelato drowning in espresso."
That accentuated sweetness in the midst of the bitterness...
You filthy gelato! You don't deserve any help from me!
If you are a true man, your heart desires only green tea and rakugan.
Right, Chief?
Your words struck my heart like a bamboo fountain striking the ground!
"Ish"?
Ah, welcome.
The essence of tea is to be a proper host.
You just jammed a wad of hair into someone else's tea.
Allow me to show you an example right now.
If you can't even understand the fundamental beauty of wabi, you don't deserve to stay!
Very good.
That was the perfect wabi-length pause!
N-No way! Your shell is a million times more wabi!
I'm ready!
Yeah. It's good to understand the hobbies and tastes of the person you love.
bord0blur0.5I just have to tell myself
bord0blur0.5I must let my dear young Ko be free and take his trip!
bord0blur0.5See you off to Venus, ahh!
I see.
Jacqueline!
Oh...
Hold on, P-ko. I feel like that's something you probably never want to do.
Your skin may be smoother and glossier, but you're not any thin
Well, I do remember hearing Sister's gunfire and their screams for mercy every night.
That's right. We've been here the entire time.
It's true, we may have gained a few pounds.
It's okay. This is so nice of you. It's a really considerate gift.
Whitey... what is this?
Man, those muscles sure disappeared fast.
Tetsuo's asleep, too. Aren't you gonna wake him up?
No, that's perfect. Just stay right where you are.
You losers of muscle!
Tetsuo didn't stop his training, even after boot camp ended.
So? What do you think of this?!
Did you hear what he just said? The kid's sick in the head for sure!
Are you sure you're the boss right now?
Sister, get over here!
T-Tetsuo!
This is bad! This is really bad!
Can't you give me more power, my biceps?!
Hey, Sister. We're really tired. I think we're gonna get going.
All done!
What's wrong, Rec?
Next time, on 11 BRIDGE x2!
This took longer to put on than a normal dress.
I had to stuff a lot of cotton in certain places.
What's that they're carrying around?
Nino, look! It's a goldfish scooping booth!
When you dance around me like that...
Jeez! What's his problem?!
W-Well, just think of it as Amazon's way of expressing her love for you.
And you're obviously a great cook, too. I'm impressed!
I'm not good at cooking at all!
chainmail.
It's my guardian angel.
The Amazons curse them, hoping they writhe in pain as they burn up in the Earth's atmosphere!
Especially since you're in love with Hoshi.
If it is to be believed, that would mean the ocean is in Saitama.
Wh-What are you doing, Nino?!
Eek! It's so cold!
Oh no!
That was... surprising!
But it's not goodbye forever. I'll be back someday.
Yeah. So dry those tears.
Let me see your makeup.
The gallant all have an ambition or two buried deep within their hearts.
Okay, okay.
Who are you calling pathetic?
I don't mind. I seriously doubt I would lose to something like this thing over here.
I need you to decide your royal decree before we begin.
We don't have to say it out loud to know.
Get... off!
I didn't win.
I may have won the battle, but I completely lost as a woman!
Really?
A balloon battle?
Yes. Back then we were feared as the Tower of Eastern Europe.
This is...
Nino fell victim to her instincts, taking her out of bounds!
Stella is eliminated!
P-ko, does that mean you
Is P-ko
You're mine!
Well, crap. It looks like Sister and Maria have earned their spots in the final showdown.
Sister! You're all we've got left.
You dodged every single physical attack, but all the mental strikes landed clean!
Let's see...
I heard about this before.
He won't be able to hit a thing like that!
It might be the real thing!
Is that even possible?
You smell like a dung beetle. How dare you dress like a human being?
Huh? Maria? What happened to the light-speed battle?
Don't call me Maria. Call me Queen.
When she says "sheep," does she mean us?
That's terrible in itself!
Okay!
They're moving around really strangely!
They're inbound! Unleash cover fire and intercept them!
A biased judicial system... the catch-22 of trying to find a wife...
The Meiji Restoration... the Omiya Incident... katana scars...
All right!
Well, I'm a mature adult who knows what's proper and what's not...
What's embarrassing about your own wish?
I know how slippery the rock is over there.
Let's always be together. Right now, and forever after!
With me, the Earthling, and everyone else!
Kyaputen kuiin ni SOS misairu keigeki junbi yoshi Sending out an SOS to Captain Queen, getting ready to shoot down the missiles.
I didn't mean to make you cry!
That dream really wiped me out, though.
Oh well. I'm sure I'll be fine.
I'm sorry! I went too far...
Seriously! I! Love! You!
Don't tell me you pull this crap every day!
Trading?
Huh? They're not even ripe yet.
No, th-that's not why... it's not...
Listen here, turd soup.
Does that mean you're gonna be living here from now on?
I guess he's never been inside Nino's place before...
I have to make this place more appealing than mine!
When we went on our date... this is-
Oh, Nino.
It's like the Hale-Bopp Comet.
What number was he? What position did he play, you stupid ball of gas?!
Then I'm gonna smash it into that smug yellow face of his!
Okay, Rec... I'll wait for you at the mouth of the river.
We're just about to start!
And... go!
Victory only has meaning if you acknowledge and overcome all possible disadvantages.
Place your bets! Place your bets!
Sixty seconds till all bets are off!
Just stayed up all night, talking to his line marker.
I need my white powder to keep going!
Of course, you're such a scrawny little pansy-ass, I doubt you'll even finish the race!
- Stella. - What's up?
Don't force yourself, kiddo!
Not bad!
You sure you're okay?
And the kappa's the next one out of the race!
Taking the lead is the dark horse, Recruit! AKA scrawny little pansy-ass!
It's you when you run.
Let's see... who else?
F-Finish line!
This is... the power of the human spirit...
I'm night-blind, remember?
Tabi no owari ni omoumono What I always think about at the end of a journey
Ohh... ohh, goodbye days
sakana mitaini narabiyureru Moving like a pair of fish, swaying back and forth
Saying it that way makes it sound like there's four brills in there somewhere!
Go forward? Go back?
Anyway, I'm done here. I'm leaving.
Allow me to show you!
King Garigari!
Don't you dare lay a finger on King Garigari!
I could get one from any grocery store in the country!
That's it? You're just gonna take off like that?!
Yup, that's it. Sorry for taking up your time.
Welp, at least you found the ball.
I never expected that man to uncover a winning Garigari stick...
Which means... you're aliens from outer space!
Well! As captain of the Earth Defense Force, I will not let you have your way!
Oh... I guess you could call me, like, a "bard."
Fight insane fire with insane fire!
What?!
If you really want to help out Earth...
Just leave!
Hey-! Put that thing away, would you?!
Maybe I should just give up and tell him the truth.
The Venusian Queen!
Oh, Your Majesty!
I know what you really are!
Really? So you wanna talk about Venus?
Shh.
You can't stop me with these paltry biological weapons!
I won't let you evil Venusians take over my Earth!
Nice "I just got shot with a peashooter" face!
That was too cool, Billy!
Yamakoete tanikoete aitsu no iru hoshi ni todoku Past the mountains, past the valleys, out to the star where he resides.
This place STIIIINKS!
Why is there a critically endangered ito on my couch?
Jeez...
I-! Th-This is-!
I just... I don't really know anything about you, so I...
You're right!
How can I even talk to her if she doesn't come down?
If pushing doesn't work, try pulling away.
I can't expect you to forgive me for what I did.
Whoa, crazy! What kind of bird is that?
Chapter 124: "Message"
What a surprise. Little Rec doesn't understand women.
This is just a comic! How is this supposed to help?
I'm not even human anymore!
Even if she's far away, I have to explain myself to her!
But why would you hide things from me like that?
The moment he said that, the box I held in my arms began to feel much heavier.
Yes.
I can't believe you!
A PAJAMA PARTY!!!
How pathetic. He took off just because I told him to!
You've got something seeping out of you, P-ko.
And I'll grow even stronger so I can protect him!
Mine?
I ruined something special to Nino...
So I thought it'd be best if I let her get to know me better, too.
Chapter 128: "Heart to Heavy Heart"
Th-That face...
If I see or even imagine Nino making that face...
You see...
How could I not?!
Hora motto yokumite Come on, take a closer look now.
Iwayuru hitotsu no SWEET This must be that singular SWEET!
Chapter 130: "Cahiers du Cinma Arakawa"
In that case, I'll gladly be your cameraman.
Piceaux's love, Chief Maire. Very kind and sincere.
He's the student president and heir to a giant conglomerate.
Really? Let's see...
Piceaux's classmate and destructive delinquent, Starlin.
And you're obsessed with rain, too!
Rec.
So, what's Nino's role again?
Action!
No.
That aside, I have faith that you can pull this off right, Rec.
The only man I love is Maire! Don't you see, Starlin?!
This guy is a real Ryoma nut.
You'll have your way... over my dead body!
You as well.
P-ko... you've become a tragic heroine in the truest sense.
How can you still look forward to this after everything that happened?
What do you consider true beauty?
Beauty can sometimes lead to tragic consequences.
Stop! Don't fight over me!
Takai.
We're one-eyed monks!
Y-You surprised me...
What are you doing here crying by yourself?
Really?
Stella's tiny weight on my back is actually kind of reassuring.
Just awful! I had no idea they were gonna be so sneaky about all this!
I feel stupid for being so worried.
He's trying to act like some big-wig Hollywood type!
Then what's the perfect scream for him?
What?! Something's covering my face!
Stop messing up my hair!
Man... what's going on?
Damn... now how's he gonna get scared?
Cramp... I got a cramp...
Next time, on 5 BRIDGE x2!
to see the estuary of Arakawa River.
What are you talking about, Nino-san?
Oh, so thats what it is.
Nino-san, allow me to tell you this:
Right!
And Nino-san, move a little to the right.
Hey, Rec.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, my arms have reached their limits, too.
Yeah.
The things I couldnt ask when I was somewhat hesitant earlier.
Rec!
Rec, what are you doing?
The currents here are
All right.
Its probably the sunset.
and are of different genders
She sure is.
Good grief.
and truthfully, Im bad with kids.
Really?
Of course.
Ive never played with a girl,
Its a brutal fight where you bet your honor and rules are futile!
Yes!
That is it.
Here I go.
Im glad.
From now on, youll just be a grunt.
You may have to carry some heavy stuff, though.
Hello there. How are you today?
Shes beautiful and looks like a nice person.
Itd be a waste of Earths valuable oxygen.
Calm down, Rec.
Youre so cute that I cant help but tease you.
Cross-dresser.
Stuff like that wont work on Sister!
Sister!
Hora motto yokubatte Come on, you should take some more now.
Hora sotto te wo totte Come on, stand and take my hand now.
Iwayuru hitotsu no SWEET This must be that singular SWEET!
Mahou wo hitofuri anoko to futarikiri Add a dash of magic right here to get some time alone right there.
Is it morning?
It's you! Arakawa resident candidate and total sci-fi nerd!
It's a self-published comic I did just for fun.
This is so cool!
Oh come on! They're getting all excited just for being turned into a comic book character!
What else have you done?
Here's your coffee, Maestro.
The mortality rate will definitely be...
Well, Maestro? Finished yet?
Back there, I only got to draw what other people wanted me to.
Draw whatever you want, however you want to!
And so...
Chapter 140: "A Precious Anniversary"
Well, I guess we'd better go keep an eye on P-ko so she doesn't get in their way!
They're probably gonna meet here.
He promised he'd come. Billy will be here soon.
You think you can just run off with her while Billy's not here?!
Order Apodiformes, family Apodidae, species Hirundapus caudacutus! The Needle-tailed Swift!
Big Bro was so cool!
Why would he go back after doing something like that?!
Yes, I'll go.
I'll use that sting to kill the national bird.
It was for the best though, right? Billy returned, safe and sound.
Don't worry. This won't hurt a bit.
Oh no... ohh goodbye days
- Kaboom. - Wrong!
It's me.
I'm doing everything I can.
Of course. I will be sure to report any new findings right away.
Kantai hikiiru aitsu wa masashiku umarerumae kara eirian Watching her lead the fleet, before she was even born she was an alien.
Hora sotto te wo totte Come on, stand and take my hand now.
Yamakoete tanikoete aitsu no iru hoshi ni todoku Past the mountains, past the valleys, out to the star where he resides.
Mahou wo hitofuri anoko to futarikiri Add a dash of magic right here to get some time alone right there.
Hey, Nino!
As you can see on the graph in front of you,
You've never done something this meaningless and confusing.
Why do I feel kind of disappointed?!
I feel like bawling my heart ou-where'd she go?
I'll kill you.
No, I have to go after Master Ko and the girl!
He's Master Ko's subordinate...
What a man!
I keep thinking, but I can't figure it out.
I want to put my heart in your hands.
When my heart slips through her fingers and shatters into pieces...
What kind of sound will it make?
What do you mean you're leaving?
Where could you possibly go?!
have made it possible to return using even a Mormay-class rocket right now.
You're the only one who can stop Nino from crying!
So this is Venus.
My word, Rec. You can cook, too?
What's wrong, Rec? You don't have to force yourself to go.
Every girl's dream of donning a snow-white veil is about to come true for Rec.
Y-Yes.
Oh, really?
A Venusian vacation?
H-Hey, where'd you all pop out of?
Ahh, Nino. Are you really that happy about this?
Don't tell me you want to come with us to Venus.
Now I'll never be able to finish my latest project, "The Venus Documents"!
It's just easier for me since that's how I usually draw at work!
I have to add a lot more detail to this scene...
I should bring a spare tank next time.
Master Ko!
Maybe, but I do actually try to take care of myself.
Imamasani uchuu wa SPACE The entire universe is SPACE!
Miss Shimazaki, please don't say my results out loud. I'm begging you!
That's the face of someone who literally hasn't eaten for a week!
A painful crash diet right before the weigh-in...
Miss Stella is 7-foot, 10-inches tall.
- Let me hold that. - Thanks!
They started spinning!
So you have fans inside your suit, huh?
He seems much more serious than usual today!
Hell yes to bad health!
My word... this is why I hate weak men.
Hell yes to bad health!
Actually...
What are all those specks around your mouth?
Check out this fever!
Maybe, but you have to be really healthy or else you can't leave the Earth's atmosphere.
We just got a little carried away.
One of the qualities you need to survive on a rocket-
The underground shelter for the astronaut examination...
Sounds like fun!
Okay, let's give this another shot.
Day 1
But Stella, I'm surprised you've been able to still train while we've been in here.
All the girls dropped out, except for Nino...
I hate to admit it, but it's probably best if I let the Chief take the lead here.
I'm totally not, man!
Jacqueline, this is a men-only team exercise. You have to leave.
He's doing routine maintenance on his marker.
Still, what are we supposed to talk about?
I think I caught the Chief looking at me the other day!
I don't doubt it.
But at least make an effort to keep up the conversation! This is a test, after all!
Yeah! It'll be the longest conversation ever!
Wh-What was he wearing?
motomerudake no hibi wa sugiru All I do is take away things from other souls
futari ashita wo oyoideru The two of us will swim as one into the future
kanashii No thank you desu Say to grief, "No thank you," now
That could be! I wonder what they're talking about down there...
Come on, guys. The test's over!
Call the doctor.
Ah, look at the time. I got totally lost in doing maintenance on my line mark-
Beaver... B-Beaver...
Mikuro to makuro no kyorikan daiji Micro and macro, the value of that distance.
Hora motto yokubatte Come on, you should take some more now.
Hora sotto te wo totte Come on, stand and take my hand now.
Mahou wo hitofuri anoko to futarikiri Add a dash of magic right here to get some time alone right there.
Rec's open-air classroom had become a part of daily life under the bridge.
And that's the solution.
What is it?
Huh? Um, well... I guess I am, in a certain way.
Stop! I won't let you hurt Nino!
You're cr-? Sorry!
Tell me what?
Looking at that delicate frame of yours, I can see why.
What are "clothes"?
You don't wear anything over it during winter?
There's something not right about how Rec looks at that Amazon!
One of my students made a lunch for me today.
Teacher! You better hurry up and eat before it melts!
N-Nino?
Cool. I'll be waiting.
Amazon! Why would you do something like this?!
I'm here for you now, and for the rest of your life!
Yeah, well, mine too!
Rec has asthma. So he's frail, too.
Meanwhile...
East corner, Recruit-fuji! Recruit-fuji!
Good luck, Teacher!
You're a professional singer, right?
It's kind of lonely with just the two of us.
There can be more of me...
Wow, there's a hundred of you!
He escaped from the hypnosis!
It's fine. Don't worry about it.
Tabi no owari ni omoumono What I always think about at the end of a journey
fuyu wo matazuni hashaideru I see you playing around before winter starts
sayonara meikyuu days Goodbye to those tangled days
kanashii No thank you desu Say to grief, "No thank you," now
Why do you know about this stuff?
That's all a girl needs to live out a hundred years' worth of tea parties.
COSMOS vs ALIEN no tatakai itsudemo maaberasu COSMOS vs ALIEN, the battle is forever marvelous.
Get back here!
Oh, it's from Whitey's wife.
Is this... a suicide pact?!
I've actually been having Mr. Shirai coach me twice a week.
Oh?
I'm serious ab-
Coach, I...
I don't care about defending my singles world championship!
I should probably change up my training routine while I'm at it, huh?
Huh? You knew this was coming?
But it's not like I'm the only person who had to sign it. It took a while to get this far.
What's your problem, Rec?!
But knowing you, first place is guaranteed no matter what condition you're in.
Chapter 167: "Knowing Japanese Harmony"
You filthy gelato! You don't deserve any help from me!
I-I know!
I'm sorry, but... is that a topknot?
How exquisite!
There are six separate steps that take roughly forty seconds to complete.
That was the perfect wabi-length pause!
Y-Yes! I-I understand!
Now tell me, which of the rocks in this area is the most wabi?
Garbage!
Chapter 170: "Arakawa Open-Air Classroom, 1st Period"
But if I did that-
General Meeting for Venus Trip Discussion
B-But-!
Only five adults!
yatte koyoutowa... oh Finally come to be oh.
Shiro hachi oumu wa orusuban Whitey, the bee, and the bird will all stay at home,
That sounds like just the thing for us girls!
I'll try to help out however I can. Let me know if you need anything.
Jacqueline!
Maybe Venusians just don't change weight...
Oh...
What? Are you here to mock me?
Venus
What are you talking about?! Anyone would be afraid if they saw a neck like yours!
Wait! If I shave off all my hair, I might be like a pound lighter...
Well, you know...
But I really didn't wanna stick around in that boot camp.
Hey, Tetsuro! Class is currently in session.
Muscles.
Are you okay, Rec?
You're so adorable! Look at you contract with such joy!
How dare you disrespect me like that, Tetsuo?
Sister, get over here!
Wrong. I didn't do anything.
Fine, then...
Can't you hear the desperate cries of your muscles?
You're wrong!
Just look at them! If they fight in this state-
Traitors! You've betrayed me!
Your muscles worked so hard for you.
The power of the Holy Muscle Revolution.
Chapter 177: "Arakawa Open-Air Classroom, 2nd Period"
Try it out! Massage with love!
Massage with love!
Takai! Takai!
Next time, on 11 BRIDGE x2!
Sorry we're late!
See her? No, I don't.
Dandou ayatsuru aitsu wa ikanimo umareru maekara eirian Watching her guide the rocket, before she was even born she was an alien.
Imamasani uchuu wa SPACE The entire universe is SPACE!
Amai amai uchuu no TASTE Sweet sweet universal TASTE!
Teacher... Teacher must really like strong women.
Are you talking about the Amazon River piranhas?!
Follow my lead and let's all do the Arakawa Yokai Dance!
So that's the Bon dance, huh? It looks hard.
That's not it.
I'll make Teacher mine by showing him how I can dance!
I know they make the perfect couple!
It's kind of cute.
H-Hold on-ow!
The festival has come to an end...
Last night was so much fun.
You can call us your big brothers now.
You're the second man King Garigari has deemed worthy!
Rec, I have some salt-roasted fish for lunch today.
No!
N-No matter how much of an annoying bag of gas he may be,
chainmail.
You've got it all wrong! I couldn't care less about that dumb pickled radish!
Whoa! She's a hardcore tsundere!
If he found out I'd had a sudden change of heart, he'd be disgusted by it!
But if you think about it, you really don't need to cry.
Don't gaze at a bare maiden like that!
Where did you come from? I don't think you're supposed to surf in the river...
But there's no beach that way...
The ocean is calling me.
You're an idiot.
I still don't see how there can be a beach upstream...
Listen up, guys. We're not gonna get another shot at this.
Yeah!
Oh, sorry! Are you okay, Sammie?!
The wave-! Did you see anything float over there?
That was... surprising!
Alas! I had better go rescue her!
So you're behind this place!
Yeah. So dry those tears.
Wow, for real?
kizukeba Thank you days I realize now, those "thank you" days
kanashii No thank you desu Say to grief, "No thank you," now
You'll use the gravity makeup to suck in that celestial body!
So you gave up on that other cover?
Hora minna muchuuda Everyone's immersed within it.
Tohku tohku no BPM wa touni johku no iki wo koete The talk-talk BPM has passed the point of joking.
The gallant all have an ambition or two buried deep within their hearts.
and came up with this!
The King Game?
What nonsense is that? There's only one way to reach the throne in this game.
You have to come out victorious in bloody battle!
Yeah!
A-Anything?
"Everyone except Nino has to speak to me with utmost respect!"
You do it! Why should I?!
Big Bro!
It's about time I broke up my little alliance with him.
You really helped us out there, P-ko. We had no idea how we were gonna handle Billy.
I'm just saying that, of course.
Especially after he gets those cucumbers.
P-ko wins the preliminary match!
Y-Yeah!
At that moment, P-ko heard the lid covering the cauldron of hell creak open...
The Death Omen Star of Arakawa, Stella!
The final battle in the Arakawa King Game is about to begin!
Weapons are-
Hey, that clergyman just lied to a little girl.
No! Look!
That's unbecoming as a lady!
Yeah, right! You're made of one percent faith and ninety-nine percent bad intentions!
You're mine!
I relied on your instincts as a hair stylist.
How could you tell you had that visual-kei look even without a mirror?
The Chief's happiness is more important to me than my own ambitions.
Believe me, I know how you feel!
Both fighters are down!
I didn't take a single hit in the fight so far.
But before we begin...
kizukeba Thank you days I realize now, those "thank you" days
tabi no hajimari omoumono What I always think about at the start of a journey
Nice! This is a very nice white line!
It's like a beautiful swan taking flight!
Speaking of inside and outside, you know those train station announcements,
I really think they should change it to say, "Please stand on the white lines"!
Can you make me fall in love?
Mikuro to makuro no kyorikan daiji Micro and macro, the value of that distance.
Hora kitto muchuu da Everyone is in a haze.
Kyaputen kuiin ni SOS misairu keigeki junbi yoshi Sending out an SOS to Captain Queen, getting ready to shoot down the missiles.
That's-
Just seeing her stance gives me a chill right on the top of my head!
Sister! Don't listen!
Sister's clothes put a hole in the ring!
I don't care who wins anymore!
Pure strength...
What do you mean?
I sheared my sheep's wool on an especially hot day a while ago.
Then Maria...
Oh, true.
"Turn the water of the Arakawa River to blood!"
Don't worry. There's a first time for everything.
A biased judicial system... the catch-22 of trying to find a wife...
Why do they look so depressed?
Carl, Shiro, Hugh...
Nino?
That's not even it!
Oh, something's caught over there.
I know how slippery the rock is over there.
I even learned how to swim in the river quite well. And...
Okay!
Ai no kakera sagasutabi ni Whenever I search for a taste of love
itsumo nazeka sabishikunaru I get sad, and I just wish I could tell you why
Well, you did yell "wait!"...
It's probably the most I can do for her right now.
We traded houses.
Wait, they're still not ripe.
He'd never been in Nino's house.
Even the Mayor's showing up?
When I wake up in the morning, she's always on my sofa.
Don't cats grow attached to their home rather than the people there!?
Nino!?
Did she sleepwalk here?
Wow, it's just like the Hale-Bopp comet.
That was a one-of-a-kind autographed ball, too! John
Lennon!? 'Tis truly a misfortune, then!
So I guess that means the manager has to go looking now.
There's no way I'm ever gonna find anything that tiny just wandering around.
I'll keep waiting, remember.
Okay! Let's get ready for the Arakawa Marathon Championship!
Sure! Bring it on!
Ready!
The ma!?
I'll show you the wall between youkai and humans!
Who're you gonna pick, Ric? Whitey's the hot pick!
What, Whitey's really that fast?
Customizing his machine...
No... Look.
Huh?
That cloud...
Right.
Say whatever you want!
Go choke on your damn necktie, scrub!
And you owe me a dragonfly interest a day!
Second, Ric!
I feel sick...
You're, uh, right.
bord0blur0.6You must be hot, you sweat like a pig. Never knew a man as worthless as you.
bord0blur0.6How you live your life, oh yeah. You know it's a total joke, but you're too dumb to see.
but her words near the end werent that big of a deal, right?
But who
Those bananas
Youre terrible.
An outsider?
Ive already gotten used to not being welcomed.
Thats rather extreme, isnt it?!
Youre embarrassing me
Bell peppers are my specialty.
And despite how they look, bell peppers are hollow inside.
What should I say next?
But even so, shes a girl.
Oh, even so, this is impressive!
Arent there a few too many cucumbers?
for the many cucumbers and that glance in the near future.
Its great when Stella smiles.
Rec.
Everyone, pleased to meet you.
The main dish today is the fish I caught.
Oh, Rec.
The river wont be flowing tonight.
Its bad to avoid it without trying it first.
Maria-san
Its wonderful if you think of it that way, right?
Hey, Rec, this is just a question,
As the future president of the greatest enterprise in the world,
Thats right, Rec.
Welcome, Stella-chan.
Youre really cute, but I
Im Hoshi, hence Im a star!
Look here, you two!
Im thinking of buying a different brand next time
Freeloader, freeloader, freeloader, freeloader, freeloader
Father? Father!
Youre pretty lively considering its so early, Hoshi.
I should kick him down. keotosu-to kick down; to defeat
and I felt like singing, so I came here.
That may be true.
Yeah!
Special education for gifted children teaches general music,
lets have a match!
Thrust it deep inside!
Thats great. Youve definitely got it!
Pain? No thank you days, sadness? No thank you days
Its strangeness struck to the strange depths of my heart.
Legendary treasure?
If you're just making that up, you'll regret it.
You don't happen to have a driver's licence or ID you could show us, do you?
You're the ones who popped up and started interrogating me!
'Cuz you're lame?
Wait, Amazoness!
Dreaming!?
All right, let's play some more baseball.
Well, they were tengu, but they were hen tengu...
That man... I'm amazed he was able to take that Master Softee in one blow...
Not coming down was a miscalculation,
You're!
Venus Jump!
Venus Cloth!
But her power is on a whole different level.
My servant!
Such fearsome aliens...
When did that even start!?
To protect our blue and pure world!
Stop it! Don't make up plans!
Even if I must sacrifice my life...
I know your true form!
What are you doing!? Going for a weapon?
Sorry, but could one of you handle the peashooter?
I shall undertake this!
That wasn't shooting peas!
Wait, that was me! Me!
Looking forward at the beginning of my journey,
Oh, hi, Ric. It's nice and breezy up here, so I thought it'd be a great place for drying fish.
There's something under the sofa.
That smells terrible!
But I'm curious! I don't really know anything about her!
Oh well, it's probably better that way.
But Nino's usually pretty hard to annoy. If I just apologize, she'll understand.
Just come down from there!
Nino!
Wow, you're right.
Hmm...
This is just a comic book! How's that supposed to help!?
Just forget it! I was a fool to ever believe you!
I need to put it in my own words!
I'm sorry, Nino!
Think hard, Ric.
Really? That sounds fun!
I've used all the techniques of love on you... My sweet yokozuna... what. i have no idea
Yeah, you're right.
Well, I think men are all undisciplined dogs, but.,.
Okay, next, during my first year of middle school...
Just stop it!
Well, I mean, if I could make them never have happened I would, but I'm only human. Everyone has failures like this.
Wait, I just want to!
Then
Even though I feel like I should tell you all of it,
Nino...
My assistant is in stage black, of course.
It caught the cot.
Come on, be a little more adventurous.
:effwe don't care about your fics pko
Swaying side to side like fish
Her crush, Maes York, is engaged to Ninophy,
He's just doing it to be kind.
No way! You know I've always loved you!
I wanted to make something out of your relationship with Nino... 
Wow, great! It looks like you're already having more fun than you expected!
Wait, we're already filming!?
All right, I'm here!
Leave it shut. We were just getting into our roles.
Not a single one of them even read the script!
We tuned up the church!
All right, now I'm getting into it!
Wait, can Nino even act?
It's impossible! There's no way a man like Maes could love someone like me!
Are they holding a festival on the riverbank?
So it's not a Bon dance?
What the hell are you guys practicing!?
We've got all the ghosts appearing in "Riverbank of Horror" gathered.
We're one-eyed brats!
Oh man...
Just like your brains?
That means... It must have been a hallucination.
Episode 134 "Practice Test of Guts"
Oh, it's Ric!
You can't?
You mant to make it to the end too, right?
Somehow, Stella's light weight reassures me.
Lemme see who
Wait, Whitey!
That's too short!!'that's too short of a drop if you want to be morbid
He'll probably put on a great performance...
If he's doing that, no one's having any fun, not even him!
Something like "Mommy!", of course.
Not bad, Takai!
It looks like a curse!
Billy!
She normally kicks me out first, but maybe...
Huh? You want to live here?
I draw these fanzines as a hobby...
I'm pleased to meet a master like you!
He's a genius...
Wow, it matches up great! 
How many companies turned him down!? He's gotta be worthless!
Yes. It's still in production.
That means that if I find out, he won't be able to live here!
Potato-chip... Kuwabara...
How is that a happy ending?
You blew up the earth, didn't you?
Yeah!
Like this? Not having been accepted at a single company?
I was worn out then, too. I thought it'd be fresh and new.
The melody and the lyrics are always the same too.
I guess she's going to go spy on them.
I won't let you go any
Oh no!
I heard you had an anniversary with Billy today.
There you are, Jacqueline!
He's surrounded by 100 Kokucho-kai goons!
Even bro can't!
Is their leader a bird too?
Not a bird could stand in his wake!
The boss's woman?
Oh, that thing they do at pet shops?
For bro to give up on the sky!
No matter what bro said, I couldn't ignore what I saw.
No, like this!
Oh, oh goodbye days
All the important parts are taped over with some weird song!
Mayor?
I have something to give you.
Therefore, I'd like to discuss our future operations.
successfully transition to carpeting, increasing our Venusian sales,
So she's stepping on me!?
Ric's realization about the depths of his own psyche had more of an impact on him than Nino's words.
I'm his secretary, after all!
I'm glad I wore my suit today.
What an honor that you remember my name.
Well, uh...
It's like getting a flu shot! i don't like this wording jpwise
Come on, you know that wouldn't happen.
If you were told that magic would make any of your wishes come true,
So her parents are probably even worse!
I'm sorry! Do you not like it that way?
Well, I suppose there's no getting around that.
It seems that the maiden veiled in white's dreams are about to come true.
You're coming too?
I knew it!
We have a riddle!
have to do with Watson, the receptionist at the lab?
You don't go and give away the punchline.
Well...
For both of them, heads rolled! the observant among you will notice that this whole segment has almost nothing to do with what they're saying. don't you love untranslatable puns?
Ko!
Even love.
Well start with me!
thoughtsmy audience!
I just thought he knew how to play.
they close their eyes like that.
Well, even though youre in charge of music under the bridge,
Snap?
And the ones who are capable of seeing what that is
What are you doing over there?
We cant swim!
So, Nino-san,
If you really want to swim, first remove those masks!
That was amazing.
You managed to help the Brothers swim.
Hey, Rec-san!
Freeloader, freeloader, free
How about it?
Or rather, what joint bath? Theres no one there
Huh? What?
Especially in the human world,
This fragrance that resembles a new vinyl umbrella again
Huh?
I rinse all the way to my stomach when I come inside from outdoors
and take some nutritional supplements to ensure the balance.
I will not lose to viruses!
In order not to hinder the lymphocytes,
Oh, so I sleep this way
Your body temperature goes down when you sleep.
Either expression makes him sound like a health-obsessed old lady. kenkou otaku
Yeah.
Its the best for a cold.
Were you really listening to me?!
It seems Ive been wearing the wrong clothes and carrying the wrong things all this time.
I think Ill be a teacher after all.
Things like common sense are changed in a blink of time. Thats what it is.
Ill sing a song.
What are you doing?
Is his yearning for the sky projected on his eyes?
Right... Ive relinquished the stigma of being a freeloader that Hoshi had put on me,
Yes!
Well, thats common sense.
She has the big sister role, after all.
Why are you here, then?
You...
...lewd teacher!
So, why are you taking my classes?
Thats all.
I wanted to start with common sense, but perhaps I should go a bit further.
Hey, Rec-san!
Why are you harassing us?!
...give me 100 trillion!
Its none of your business where I start a school!
Fact is, my orphanage was the most wicked in Europe.
your wishes will come true.
We dont know how to write yet.
Thats great.
Is school fun?
Im sorry.
Wow!
Missiles are dangerous.
I started a school.
Oh, Stella is here as well?
Nice.
Sorry, Rec.
I know she doesnt mean any harm,
Youre the only person I have!
No!
When something would come flying at him,
I wont cause any problems!
Image change?
Didnt you used to have a more... wild haircut?
Maybe I should do it again.
He had silky hair.
If they find out that hes so cool, the others will fall in love with him too!
Huh?
What? Love?
Ill give you some advice.
Theres nothing to fall in love with from a guy in that damned suit!
By that you mean whats inside, right?
Thats true, but...
The real you... hidden inside?
No, the junior master.
"My Dream," by Ichinomiya Ko.
No.
Why didn't you come to us about this earlier?
Yup. And amazingly, you all look quite normal.
My deepest apologies.
Mirror?
Girlfriend? So is she...
No need for thanks.
Ah, a new nickname to follow Moochyman, huh?
Yo! We're coming in, Rec! AKA
You all right?
How unusual!
You're not in love!
I-I can't kiss her in front of other people.
But aren't you lovers?
Master Ko.
Takai? You're crying.
We're lovers, right?
I also heard he didn't look too happy.
He seems happy, at least.
Uh-huh.
Is he on something?
We should let him enjoy it.
Bluebirrrrrd!
HEEEELLP!!!
I agree, sir.
Um, I've been wondering...
Is your house
Get a grip, Hoshi!
Either way, he's lunch!
And why are you suddenly cooking for Sister?
I guess Sister sees me as a full-grown woman now.
He might even finally be in love with me!
Ya goin' somewhere?
The lady from the farm? Her name's Maria?
And what's with the growth spurt?!
Good. I shall go forth,
Head!
My enemy?
Or maybe you just ran away?
Maybe you haven't noticed, but Stella is actually incredibly violent!
I'll be just fine.
Please help me, Rec.
That's an amazing thing, Stella.
Don't worry, I'm gonna go medieval on
Ah, dammit! That's Hoshi's trailer!
That "mask" of yours is really your body!
You feed on the flesh of the living.
It was still early, and I wanted to pop out to the store real quick.
a masked man without a mask is just as naked as a hot dame without her makeup.
I don't wanna hear about your repressed feminine side!
You're exactly right. I have no talent for writing music.
First of all, why were you wearing a freaking crescent-moon mask back then?!
Huh? Oh, yeah, for sure. But that's all in the happy past, now.
Huh? What's the deal with the bed?
I never knew REM sleep could be so acrobatic. Nino's quite remarkable.
Yeah, that's what I meant to say.
Jeez. Sister, you shouldn't coddle him like that!
Actually, I'm in the Chief's debt.
Ahh, I can feel myself drying out.
Cripes, another wildfire this year, huh?
Woo! I wanna be in front!
Hey, be careful! Kids shouldn't go anywhere near the fire!
Just go get in back!
The Chief is such a brave soul!
Go, my hero!
What are you doing?
It's more than just some favor.
So what, he's blackmailing you?
Chief, what are you
He used the water on his head-plate!
Sure. Goodbye.
Land.
They simply aren't things a man of your caliber has earned.
No, for the upcoming construction.
No, nothing nuclear.
What's with all the yelling?
Gotta say, this seems like overkill.
You seem to be extremely afraid of your father.
Rec, let me read to you some words from scripture:
That's not very helpful!
How can you be so calm? Don't you see what's happening here?!
You can't win against someone like him.
Really?
I see.
Stop stressing, Recruit.
And that should get me out of most any trouble.
Underneath each corner of the bridge, I buried cucumbers coated with bran.
When does construction begin?
I should've set up my incursion countermeasures last night like I planned!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What are we gonna do?!
Is that right? Well, how wonderful.
Well, to be honest, I'm here with an eviction notice for
"Government swine"?
Hey, bro.
skip as before
Those are historical novels, and this shelf is for history books.
and if something was wrong with your stomach, you'd eat a stomach.
Apparently that was supposed to cure you of your illness.
A diary?
Normally you'd act more surprised or say something poetic like "the fairest flowers soonest fade" to cheer me up.lit. cheer me up with a "bijin hakumei" - the beautiful die young. there's maybe an equivalent expression that goes "the fairest flowers soonest fade", but basically all the hits I get for it are as a tl for "bijin hakumei" so ???
Anyway, I have to go to the counter.lit. I have billing to take care of
What a coincidence!
Where is this coming from?
You're contradicting what you just said.
You can't be very busy with no friends, right?
Did you hear me?
By the way,
Everyone thinks of me as just a boring classmate,
No, they haven't.
There's no telling if you're right.
Then, how do you think I think of you?
As long as there's no harm to me,
You'll pay to have them cleaned, won'tcha?
Are you deaf?
Hey! How'll it be?
Ma'am, are you all right?
With all these onlookers?
You there!
Huh?
All right!
I'm all thirsty from running. Let's go in.
This is a nice place we came across.
I'm home.
So did you hear about it?
Not really.
Good morning!
Takahiro-kun would be way better boyfriend material!
But I'll pass.
I'd rather not have everyone ridiculemake fun ofbanter about me again.
You told the people in class that we're not close, didn't you?
I'm fine with people observing me,
We're in a library.
Oops.
This is my best friend, Kyoko.
Sakura, are you seriously on good terms with this guy?Should probably use get along here too.I would if it weren't awkward... I am thinking of various rewrites in my head but none of them really work.
Kyoko's been my best friend since junior high.
so at first I thought she was kinda scary, but once we started talking we became friends right away.
She gets pretty emotional, you know.
Are you...
You're probably the only one
A fleeting summer love...
you still want to get a boyfriend?
Want some gum?
I didn't kick you that hard!
UNIQLO...
If I tell my parents I have something I want to do before dying,
Just call it making sure no one is hurt.
No, I'm sure of it!
and since it was their fault, they gave us a way better room than what we paid for!
why don't we play truth or dare?
Are you an idiot?
I think that one girl is pretty.
That's the kind of girl you like?
but that's super embarrassing.
What were you like when you were young?
and I guess my weak point is being easily distracted.mind-wanderinginattentive
Thank you.
Next is the last round.
You lied to your parents and said you were on a trip with me, right?!
Yeah.
That jacket suits you.
It was fun.
No matter how she might seem, she gets hurt easier than most.
She was the same when her favorite teacher switched jobs,
Huh?
You know it?
In that case I'll let you borrow it, so let's go to my place!
Way to wipe out!
What are you even saying?
No, I wouldn't.
I'm just joking around with you.
Hey.
Apparently she doesn't like guys who won't take no for an answer.
Do you think you're better than him or something?
I hate you, Takahiro!
I did it for your sakethe cutoff is probably weird since this is basically a complete sentence... alternative suggestions include "I just wanted you to...", but I'm not sure the sentiment would be obvious enough
Then what was it?
I chose that notebook.she picked out the notebook?
You like books, and you got interested and picked it up.
I don't think there's much that I can do for you.
The hospital is going along with it.I got the story straight with the hospital
There you go again...
What?
That's what it means to live.
I know my body exists
Hey, what are you two doing?!
Why not wait until you're discharged to see the night view?
It had to be today.
I told you before, remember?
Am I wrong?
Did you really think I couldn't tell you were lying?
Heading somewhere?
No, I'm good.
Okay, fine!
Gum.
Huh?
I think I'll have some.
Thank you for your patronage.
Here, take this.
I mean, Sakura left this behind for you.
To the one person who knew about her disease.
but I'd actually been curious about you since way before we met at the hospital.
there were many times I thought I was in love with you.
Whenever someone says your name,
That goes for everyone, right?
you figured yourself out on your own and found your own allure.
I was able to think of myself as the one and only "me" out there for the first time in my life.lit. "as the one and only 'me' out there"
albeit one living a slightly shorter life than usual.
Yes?
Oh, yes.
It's Haruki, why?
We two really are...
You're right.
It's her farewell,
What are you saying?
You're lying. I would have known.
Even if not all at once,
Well, we won't start dating until after the entrance exams.
Let's go to Sakura's place already.
Ask what?
Really? I wanna see!
I thought I'd lost that thing and ran around everywhere looking, only to find you holding it!
Who knows.
That's true for me and just as much for you.
Oh, that's not what I
Hey!
No, not really.Well, in principle I do.
It's amazing what humans can do.
Is that something to talk about when we're grilling meat?
It doesn't matter if I'm right or not.
Someone liking or disliking me is all my imagination.
Huh?
Maybe that's what's in your head,
Y-You're the ones who ran into her with your bikes
What's going on?
Hey! Say something!
I'm not sure...
Hey!
Ma'am, are you all right?
Couldn't you hear me?
This is your fault, not hers!
You looking for a world of hurt?!
Stop it right there!
THAT DUDES HAT SAYS SAFETY FIRST LMAO
Hey, look at this!
Once the blossoms have fallen in April, it actually just takes three months for them to sprout buds again.
I just happened to run into her.
Sure.
It's such a shame!
I'd rather not have everyone ridiculemake fun ofbanter about me again.
You may be right.
Oops.
Have you even had a girlfriend?
Of course not.
I wonder.
Oh, it's someone you know, by the way.
But, like... You've been alone together two days in a row!
Are you...
A youthful summer mistake.
Hm?
Want some gum?
Come on, stop being so gloomy. You should be having fun on a trip like this.
I'd say this is more like a kidnapping than a trip.
Is this the right spelling?
I can smell ramen!
I just realized something. You can't trust a saying.
What?
What?
Hey!
Thanks!
Here, this is yours.
We've got playing cards, so why don't we play something?
why don't we play truth or dare?
You don't know it?
All right!
I won't go easy on you.
Oh, you mean Hina!
That's the kind of girl you like?
Truth.
That caught me off guard.
What?
Is that it?
The one closest to me.
Sure, I don't mind.
All right, if you say "truth," you have to tell me three things you find cute about me.
If you say "dare," you have to carry me to bed.
Carry me to bed!
You might have heard that,
What about that bridal carry?
If you knew what I was referring to, you're guilty enough for Kyoko to kill you.
Yeah.
What?
What?!
Would you say something?!
Aren't you curious what it is?
I think a person's favorite book says a lot about them.lit. is a reflection of their naturedisposition
And here I was all excited since even you might not know about a foreign book.
No, I actually haven't yet.
Come on!
Now, now, there's no need to hurry.
I'm just joking around with you.
Let me go, it hurts.
Give it a rest!
and today you even went to her house!
What...
Good timing.
Besides, we two...
And then...
so it might take a while.
I'm perfectly fine.
This sucks.
The next town over's holding one later,
Do you understand why things have gotten like that?
If you talk to them, I'm sure they'll see that you're a fun person.
You did lend me that book.
If it's just once...
Come on, don't ignore me.
That's what it means to live.
I know my mind exists, since I can interact with others.
You're always...
Not happening!
Are you taking me somewhere quiet so you can pull a murder-suicide?
You can see this place from the hospital!
Hey.
You're not going to die, right?
I know I don't seem like it, but I'm worried about you, okay?!
What?
Am I wrong?
You're a lucky one.
Hey, I told you to stop!
Okay, fine!
Well, have fun. Both of you.
Thank you for your patronage.
What's wrong?
Um...
I need to tell you something.
Oh? Go right ahead.
She told me about it.
No.
But...
Thank you.
What?
She must have written something more for you to read.
This is the least I can do to thank you for all you've done for me.
Why won't you ever speak my name?
Just like cherry blossoms wait for spring!
You see, I wanted to tell you before I died.
Get to the point.
What's this?
but I'm sure you know she'd never make a joke that would hurt you.
I'd have spent even more time with her!
I won't forgive you.
What're you saying?
Please.
I'm sure that'll make him motivated to study for exams too.
As proof of the life she lived,
This is the last message I ever sent her.It's an email, so message works best here.
I thought I'd lost it, so I've been running all over the place to find it,Official: so I raced back here to find it
You don't think I'm joking, do you?
and pretty soon...
Anyway, I have to go to the front desk.
Man, that was heavy.
What were you expecting?
You don't say.
Oh, that's right!
No, not really.
No, thanks.
It's up to my imagination whether someone likes me or hates me.
I can't eat all that!
Let's go around.
Huh?
Hey, look at this!Alt: Check this out!
I'm all thirsty from running, anyway. So let's go in.Dub: Come on! Arguably a good translation of the idea but the literal works fine here.
It was so much fun!
Morning, everyone.
Everybody's saying you were hanging out together yesterday.
'Kay.PAR: Aight!
Right? I can totally hook you up with a better guy.
Hey!
Great at sports, and has both looks and smarts.
Wait, that reminds me!
Listen, are you trying to get fat?
broke up with my boyfriend recently.
Sakura, are you really friends with this guy?
What's that even supposed to mean?!
I only talk to you about this stuff.PAR: You're the only one I can talk about this with.
hanging out with you
We're not.
FYI, I'm into more refined girls.Not sure about FYI but it fits well.
I want to go on a train trip over the break!
Just go to some place you've wanted to visit before you die.
All right, let's meet up at the station tomorrow morning!
I'm lying to them about having friends.Official: I've been lying to them about having friends so they wouldn't worry.
Why not?
If I tell you, you'll just write it in there, won't you?
No, I'm sure of it!
What?Dub: What's up?
Oh, don't be such a party pooper.Alt: killjoy
What's that? Sounds too philosophical for a game.Alt: 'What sort of name is that for a game? Sounds too philosophical.'
Got it?
Yeah.
All right!
That means I ask you truth or dare.
So what about me then?
My childhood, huh?
What's the saddest thing that's happened in your life?most painfulheart-breaking
Ten.
The one closest to me.
Good morning, Kyoko.
All right, fine.
What about princess-carrying me to bed?
Huh? You're unusually agreeable. obedient; docile. Basically, he's agreeing without any aguing or complaining.
What?!
You're late!
I was talking to someone.
Hey.
Come on, don't be like that.
but ever since I was little, there's been one book I've loved.
In that case, I'll let can borrow mine, so you have to come over!right now
I doubt that I could even if I wanted to. I don't even have friends.
Way to wipe out!
I'm going home.
What?
Like I always do.
My relationship with her isn't what you think it is.
and today you even went to her house!
And that's what brought us here, at this very moment.
But you have to know...
I want you to stay with me.
Come back inside. Then I can give you a change of clothes.
I always read books in the order they're placed on the bookshelf,
I was again reminded...He's thinking back to the hotel when he saw all her meds. Dub: The reality of her situation became far more clear to me than it had ever been before.
Of course, I'm totally fine.
My parents just freaked out because some my numbers were a little off,PAR: Some of my numbers were a little off, so my parents got worried and made a fuss,
You should stop that already.That hobby stop
Hey, um...Alt's: I've been thinking; Now that you're here.
Hey, don't ignore me.
What does being alive mean to you?
Being alive, huh?
Just like you and I have both chosen to live out this moment here and now.
Then what?
Sakura!
Okay, thanks.
Hey, Mom...
There's something I want you to do for me.
Hey.
You want me to live?
Oh, it's starting!
Want some gum?
Then you should've bought an ice pop instead of those things!
Here!
but at some point, she'd changed me.
No...
What's wrong? Are you sick?
You truly are alphaHFFan amazing person.
A person like that.Official: That's the kind of person you are.
Are you all right?
And I broke my promise to give back what I borrowed from her.
No, go ahead.Alt: Of course you can.
I was hospitalized.
I started crying, both out of embarrassment and relief that he'd actually come.PAR: I was so embarrassed, and so relieved that he came, that tears came out.
It made me feel a lot better.
that when I was alone again, the tears wouldn't stop.
Why don't you ever call me by my name?
Oh, but I'm not trying to criticize you and call you a coward or anything.
Because you see...
Your relationships with others are what make you who you are.
You created your own charm,
you still cared about me.
Just like the cherry blossoms waiting for spring!
It would be a shame to describe the relationship we have using normal, everyday words.
Yes?Official: What is it?
That's...
I think this is the first time we've really talked, huh?
I asked you here because I wanted to talk to you about something.PAR's comment: he says "you" and corrects himself to "kyoko-san" which is a bit less rudedirect
What are you talking about?
She liked to joke around,
Someone who could accept others...Same as 1:17:13
Thanks.
Just a single sentence.
They were saying that in the past, if there was something wrong with your liver, you'd eat a liver,
It happened in April, when the late-blooming cherry blossoms were still flush on the trees.
A diary?
Surprised?
Well then...Alt: Here.
You did read it, right?
Sorry, sorry.
I'm not sure what's obvious about it.See 38:38
Or go hitchhiking in a foreign country and decide where you want to die.PAR: and find a nice place to die, or something.
I suppose I do.
I did a bit more research,If I had the onscreen time add: 'on that stuff we talked about'. Literally she just says: 'I researchedinvestigated after that'. Really dosen't make much sense.
and apparently, there's people in other countries who believe that if you have someone eat you,foreign countries is what she says but that makes little sense in English
No, thanks.
It's all in your head.
Like I said, either way, the truth doesn't really matter to me.truth added so it's clear what he means. 'it doesn't really matter' is a bit ambiguous
Not especially.
I'm not sure...
Ma'am, are you all right?As PAR noted, the dudes hat says: "Safety First"
See ya, ma'am!
Hey, give me your contact info!
Thanks for hanging out with me.Dub: Thanks a lot for hanging out with me today.
Where to?
You're not even batting an eye at all the cuties here.
You've never wanted friends or a girlfriend?
Oh, it's someone you know, by the way.
But I guess you wouldn't know his name even if I told you.
This is my best friend, Kyoko.
Yeah, I told you that this morning.
Then what?!
Man, I didn't expect Kyoko to be here, too.
A fleeting summer's love.
So in other words,
And don't you dare stand me up!
Good morning.
Uniqlo?
In order to keep my parents from worrying,
I'll call them later and say I'm staying at a friend's house.
That's cruel and sad.
That's got to be your imagination.
What?Dub: What's up?
You do that!
What's that? Sounds too philosophical for a game.Alt: 'What sort of name is that for a game? Sounds too philosophical.'
You're not allowed to quit partway.
If you don't want to answer, you can switch to dare.
I won't go easy on you.
If I had to go with someone...
So what about me then?
Where do I rank compared to the rest of the class?PAR more literal: Where would you rank me in our class?
Truth!
What?
Come on...
Hooray!
All right, if you say truth, you have to tell me three things you find cute about me.
If you say dare, you have to carry me to bed!
What did you get?
If I...
Dare.
but apparently Kyoko is out to kill you.
Oh, so that's what it's called.
Either way, if Kyoko finds out, she'll kill you.
Would you say something?!
Don't get close to her with half-baked feelings.
But we can't go anywhere in this rain.
Come on, don't be like that.
Now, now, there's no need to hurry.
If not a girlfriend, then you should at least try to make some friends.
I'm going home.
You'd fit that role just fine. could mean multiple things. Gone with the official stuff.
I'm just joking around with you.
Stop it!
No...
Hey.
And yet Sakura'sshe's still spending her time with you.
Why...
Wait! We're not done here!talking!
Are you okay?
And it wasn't something like fate.
All the choices I made until now...
But you have to know...
I'm really happy that you're here right now.
I don't think there's anything I can do for you.
Of course, I'm totally fine.
Hey, don't ignore me.
This isn't a prank.joke sounds like it could be interpreted in a few different ways
I just want to enjoy the truth and the normal life that you give me.PAR: I just want a taste of your reality and normalcy.
Sakura!
Well, you won't have to worry about it for a while, though.Official: Well, it won't be for a while, though.
Should you really have left the hospital?Line break for quicker reading. Official: Is it okay for you to leave the hospital?
It's fine, don't worry.
Don't worry.
I told you before, remember?
I made you worry for nothing.
Huh?
What, with Sakura again?
Later.
No fair! No fair!
Sure, no problem.
I felt like I'd changed.
Someone who can accept others.
Be careful out there.
Once I'd processed my feelings, I realized something.PAR: Having sorted out my feelings, something became clear to me. 
Yes? What is it?
I'm so glad you came.
Do you mind if I look through it?
Thanks to you, she'll...
He's always read a book.
It's like he's engaged in a silent battle against himself.PAR: and I get the feeling he's struggling with himself.
so I took a liking to him straight away.Keyframe snap is personal preference
That yakiniku was so good!
When I'm with him, I start to feel a little better.
I'm really scared.
Though I tried my best to hide it.
I almost cried again.
I'm sure that what she wanted you to read is further in.
Here's something related to that.Dub: 'And I think I might know why that is.' This is a translation of the idea.
You created your own charm,
That I'd like to take a leaf out of your book.
I was happy.
Thank you.
Oh, right.
And by the way,This could be anything that fits really. She like trying to get his attention in a rudepushy way. So explain to me. Tell me.
I think this is the first time we've really talked, huh?
SheLink?
had an illness.Alt: She was... very sick.
You're lying. I don't know anything about that.PAR: I would have known.
Why would you know and not me?!Dub: How come you know about something that I don't?!
Wait up!
It wasn't as easy as you made it seem.
I'll learn to stand on my own.
It didn't reflect her personality at all.Swapped to make sense in the English. Literally the previous line is the translation here. Alt: ...'entirely at odds with the sort of person she was in life.'
...for both the wake, and the funeral.swapped the wake and funeral so it makes more sense. I don't like ellipses at the beginning, but it's here so it's obvious this connects with the previous otherwise it could be interpreted as a new sentence with a new idea to be explained
No running in the library.Alt: This is a library so no running.
What?! There's too many, though!
Keep it down.
Huh?
They said Aunt Akane had her baby.
A diary?
What a coincidence!
Okay, I get it.
Just one last thing.
I want you to keep my illness a secret.
I won't tell anyone.
It's not like I have anyone to tell anyway.Extra lead in to better match visuals
But the following week,
she volunteered to fill the open position in the library, for whatever reason.
So in that sense, I'm no different than you.PAR edited: 'That's true for me, just as much as it is for you.'
Oh, that's right!
Where is this coming from?
By the way, is there really no one in our class you're close to?Dub: do you really not get along with anyone in our class?
It's all in your head.
It's my hobby to imagine how others see me as a person.
And other people don't have any interest in me.
Huh?
In front of all these people?
It's pretty clear who'd be found guilty in court!
Ouch, that gotta hurt.
Spring goes hand in hand with cherry blossoms.Spring flowers
I'm all thirsty from running, anyway. So let's go in.Dub: Come on! Arguably a good translation of the idea but the literal works fine here.
Actually, the three of us should totally come here sometime!
Thanks for hanging out with me.Dub: Thanks a lot for hanging out with me today.
Let's get along well until I die!Dub: 'Be my friend until I die, okay?' This is hard to translate in a natural way but the idea she's trying to get across is probably about getting along well so they can go through her bucket list together. So a possible alt: "I hope we can keep hanging out together until I die!"
Not really.
What's that supposed to mean?
Good morning.
Okay, but I'll pass.
Wanting to keep your illness a secret is part of it, you know.
Because you'll die soon?
Of course not.
Oh, it's someone you know, by the way.
Listen, Sakura, it's not that I want to complain.
I only talk to you about this stuff.PAR: You're the only one I can talk about this with.
The doctors only ever give me the truth.
What's wrong?
If you think everything I say means something, you couldn't be more wrong!PAR: You're gravely mistaken if you think there's a purpose to everything I say!
Finally!
I'll get straight to the point: are you free?
I'm sure they'll have a Uniqlo outlet.store
Get there?
I'm lying to them about having friends.Official: I've been lying to them about having friends so they wouldn't worry.
That's cruel and sad.
Anyway, things have gotten pretty dangerous lately.
What?Dub: What's up?
So, the thing is...
They said it was their fault, so they gave us a way better room than what we paid for!literally: than what Iwe had bookedreserved.
Talk about awkward!Literally: 'it's embarrassing.' She means the silence.
I think that one girl is pretty.
Oh, you mean Hina!
Okay, next round, next round.
Truth or dare?
I'm just going off the people I remember, but...
Shut up.
I'd get in fights with the biggest guy in the class.
Hey, is this some kind of interview?
All these serious questions are making this boring.Official: All your questions are so serious. it's boring.
The one closest to me.
so can you pick one?
Hello?
You lied to your parents and said you were on a trip with me, right?!
I'll make sure I explain all of this to you someday.
Either way, if Kyoko finds out, she'll kill you.
Well, that was over quick.
It's embarrassing.
Huh? You're unusually agreeable. obedient; docile. Basically, he's agreeing without any aguing or complaining.
What?
You know, Sakura is way more sensitive than you think!More literally: 'You know, Sakura is a way more sensitive girl than you might think!'
If you do anything to hurt her...
Sorry.
but ever since I was little, there's been one book I've loved.
Aren't you curious about what it is?
A little.
Really?!
Hey, so...
That's a relief.
I'm going home.
This is one of them.
This is a hug.
No...
I said it's Sakura, right? Answer me!
Wait! We're not done here!talking!
He's refusing to leave you alone, which pisses me off,
I did it for your sakefscx150
Then what was it?
Everyone is where they are now because of the choices they've made.
All the choices you made until now...
I'm sorry... about before.
I want you to stay with me.
Thank you.
Now I feel dumb for worrying.Swapped
We can't even go to the festival on the weekend.
Only that supposedly I've been stalking you, and that's why you've been skipping school. Literally: absent. Alt: missing; haven't been around; away. PAR: They're saying that the reason for your absence is me stalking you.
I didn't see that coming.
Yeah, that's it.Dub: I got it
Just like you and I have both chosen to live out this moment here and now.
I missed you so much!
Not happening!
Okay, thanks.
Is this some kind of prank?
This way!
You're not going to die, right?
Come on, you're not being very honest.Alt: Come one, you can come clean about it.
Here.
I didn't say that.
That gum...
How can I be like you?
And I broke my promise to give back what I borrowed from her.
I was coming up to the tenth morning after she'd died.This whole sentence sounds off. You'd just say: 'it had been almost ten days since she died' but I'll keep to the JP
At that point, I had calmed down enough to be able to accept reality.Dub add 'at that point' and it makes sense to include even if not in the JP.
Once I'd processed my feelings, I realized something.PAR: Having sorted out my feelings, something became clear to me. 
In life,Before she died ?
I'm so glad you came.
I'm really so glad...
He's always read a book.
And I had so much fun today!
But I'm not letting it show.Dub: But I won't let anyone see that I am. PAR: I'm putting up a front for the others.
It made me feel a lot better.
Then Kyoko surprised me by showing up out of nowhere!
I'm so happy.
Yaaaay!Dub: Woohoo!
I've written messages to a bunch of people,
You really are an amazing person.
You, who has no need for relationships like friendship or love,
You know what?
But I shouldn't be using an expression like that.Official: But that doesn't really get the idea across, does it?
Oh, right.
I'm so glad I talked to you that day!'that day' is implied in the JP
You're right.
She didn't tell anyone besides me.Alt: I was the only one she told
Stop it.
No matter how much Sakura loved you, cared about you, or needed you,Official: No matter how much Sakura liked you, how important you were to her, how much she needed you...
Someone who could accept others...Same as 1:17:13
What are you standing around for?
It didn't reflect her personality at all.Swapped to make sense in the English. Literally the previous line is the translation here. Alt: ...'entirely at odds with the sort of person she was in life.'
Huh?
I was absent from school to get my stitches removed after an appendectomy.
That's mine.
Though not as surprised as I was!
I call it Living With Dying.
Normally, you'd act surprised,
Sorry, sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't have time for your coincidences.
Just one last thing.
Will do!Alt: Roger that!
I'm writing a list of all the things I want to do before dying in this book,
Weren't you the one who told me to do whatever I wanted to do?
Just go with your family for yakiniku.steakhousebarbeque house is the closest thing but shouldn't be localized anyway.
Don't tell me eating cow entrails is also part of your treatment program?
Top of the list: entrails!
it doesn't matter if they like me or hate me.
Well, I'm interested!
Even though I do think you're a bit of an idiot sometimes, I wasn't insulting you.
I'm not sure...
Huh?
Ma'am, are you all right?As PAR noted, the dudes hat says: "Safety First"
Don't move!Stop it right there!
See ya, ma'am!
What's that supposed to mean?
Wanting to keep your illness a secret is part of it, you know.
Complete opposites!
You've never wanted friends or a girlfriend?
He's in our class.
and still lets me have a normal life.
What's wrong?
FYI, I'm into more refined girls.Not sure about FYI but it fits well.
The break starts tomorrow!
And don't you dare stand me up!
Can't you just say it's my way of making sure that no one gets hurt?Pushing it for onscreen time but it's ok.
I'll keep that in mind.PAR: I'll remember that
Hey!
By the way, I'm butt naked right now!
Come on, say something!
Oh, right. While you we're in the shower, I got us some drinks from the convenience store downstairs.Konbini!!!
Got it?
By the way, if you pick dare,
Truth or dare?
Oh? So you've been looking at me thinking that I'm the third-cutest in class?
I'm not sure what's obvious about it.
Sure, I don't mind.
I can't believe you actually did that!Translates the idea best and in the most natural way. More literally: That took me by surprise!
Six.
You lied to your parents and said you were on a trip with me, right?!
I knew I could count on you, Kyoko. Thanks.
It's embarrassing.
For the first few days after I got home,
After the break was over, though, all that awaited me
You know, Sakura is way more sensitive than you think!More literally: 'You know, Sakura is a way more sensitive girl than you might think!'
You think you can do that?52:37
Don't get close to her with half-baked feelings.
I seriously will kill you.
So all the returned books are back where they belong.
But we can't go anywhere in this rain.
Huh?
Want to come over to my place today?
And here I was all excited, thinking you might not know it since it's a foreign book.
No, I haven't yet, actually.
Weren't you going to lend me a book?
I've been wondering for a while.
There's no need to rush.
The naughty part
You weren't saying anything, which made it seem like this was serious.PAR: The mood got all serious because you wouldn't say anything!
That was embarrassing.
I'm just joking around with you.
Let me go. This hurts.
Either way, we're not in the kind of relationship you and the rest of the class think it is.Dub: I'm trying to tell you that you and the rest of the classmates are making something out of nothing
What the hell do you know?!
A guy like him? What do you mean?
I hate you now!Name won't sound natural here.
you agreed to do the things I asked you to do.
and brought us together!Dub: and created the path that led us together.
So...
I don't think there's anything I can do for you.
Yeah.
I was again reminded...He's thinking back to the hotel when he saw all her meds. Dub: The reality of her situation became far more clear to me than it had ever been before.
Because the next thing I knew, she was in hospital.hospitalized.
Wrong.Dub: No, silly
It's because you don't talk to them.enough
Really?
Oh, well. That's just how things go sometimes, I suppose.
Okay, go ahead. Ask me anything.
You're...
Nope, not at all.
Not happening!
You'll have plenty of time for that later!Literally more like: 'I'll give you'... but that doesn't fit here
I'll admit confession.
It's fine, don't worry.
That goes for both of us.
Come on, you're not being very honest.Alt: Come one, you can come clean about it.
I didn't say that.
Well, it doesn't really matter.
Later.
I will take some gum, if you don't mind.
No...
she'd say that I chose to change myself.Alt: If you asked her, she'd probably say that it was my choice to change myself.
And the truth is, I probably always wanted to be like you.
I'm so glad...
Huh?
To the one person who knew she was sick.Literally 'about her disease'
Thank you.
Today was the first time I told someone outside the family about my illness.Basically the dub
That yakiniku was so good!
When I'm with him, I start to feel a little better.
That's all I've done today.
They said something about numbers being off.PAR: Some numbers were wrong or something like that.
I'm just not letting it show.
Thank you very much.
There's more.
Were you scared of turning me into someone important in your mind?
Knowing that you'd eventually lose me,
I looked up to you.
Because we were always looking at each other.not looking in the same direction. This is emphasized in the novel but there's just no room for it here, and it's not in the JP dialogue. As it is, technically 'Because' is not here in the JP either, but I think it's needed to make point more clear. It's the translation of the idea here, anyway, so it's fine.
I'm sorry for losing my composure.
What's your first name?
Why not?
I asked you here because I wanted to talk to you about something.PAR's comment: he says "you" and corrects himself to "kyoko-san" which is a bit less rudedirect
This is Living with Dying.
She didn't tell anyone besides me.Alt: I was the only one she told
but even if she hadn't been there, she'd stillfscx150
She liked to joke around,
I'm sorry. But even if it's gradual,
I'll learn to stand on my own.
if she even saw it.
Oh, come on...
Pancreas?
I thought I'd lost it, so I've been running all over the place to find it,Official: so I raced back here to find it
I call it Living With Dying.
and pretty soon...
No.Alt: I don't.
What a coincidence!
What?Alt: Seriously; Really
Nothing, really.
Yet you're not doing them right now.
Do you have any plans after this?
I realized I don't know a thing about you.
It's up to my imagination whether someone likes me or hates me.
And other people don't have any interest in me.
I can't eat all that!
It's pretty clear who'd be found guilty in court!
You there!
Stop right there!
I think that's the first time... I've heard that used... literally.Official: I've never heard anybody say that and really mean it.
Oh, come on. Just give me your phone.
What a day!Alt: Today was great! Dub: It's me!
Want some gum?
Wow! This thing's out of print, so it's super rare!
And he's our hottie class rep!
Oh, come on, what's that supposed to mean?
Yeah, that's it!
Where to?
Of course not.
He was kind of pushy in a lot of ways.
Sakura, are you really friends with this guy?
As you can see, she's pretty strong-willed,
And that wouldn't be very fun, would it?
Are you...
The doctors only ever give me the truth.
A youthful summer's mistake.
If I said I wanted a boyfriend, would you do something about it?If I told you you were right, what would you do?
Stop reading books all the time!
Wanna go out for karaoke?
Nice idea, I'm in!sounds good
I-I wasn't slacking off!
So you really were slacking off.
Well, you can just buy something when we get there.
I'm sure they'll have a Uniqlo outlet.store
Although I am pretty surprised your parents actually let you go on this trip.
If I tell you, you'll just write it in there, won't you?
Huh?
Fine, I'll have a quick lie-down later.
You do that!
Hey!
Yeah.
If I had to go with someone...
The one who's good at math.
Yay!
Truth.
Where do I rank compared to the rest of the class?PAR more literal: Where would you rank me in our class?
third, maybe?
Oh? So you've been looking at me thinking that I'm the third-cutest in class?
It's like, I know I'm the one who asked,
You really are an idiot.If you take my edit about idiot use it here too.
You still want to do this?
Then, truth or dare?
Two more rounds.
All right, if you say truth, you have to tell me three things you find cute about me.
If you say dare, you have to carry me to bed!
Six.
Want some water?
I'll make sure I explain all of this to you someday.
And also,
Yeah. Got it.
Yeah.
Make sure you tell her I'm innocent.
Well, that was over quick.
What?!
was a word of warning from her guardian.
Hey.
I'm just joking around with you.
What were you thinking?
What's gotten into you?
Knock it off!
Let me go!
Are you okay?
I'm sorry... about before.
But you have to know...
Let's get along well until I die.19:20
Now I feel dumb for worrying.Swapped
What did you tell your best friend about being in hospital?
I told her I had to get my appendix removed.
Wrong.Dub: No, silly
It's because you don't talk to them.enough
Why bother doing anything if it's not going to benefit anyone?
What?
means reaching out to the hearts of others.PAR: means having a bond with others.
Hating someone.
Are you sure nothing's bothering you?PAR: Hey, aren't you acting a little weird?
Well, you won't have to worry about it for a while, though.Official: Well, it won't be for a while, though.
Something felt off about her in that hospital room.
Should you really have left the hospital?Line break for quicker reading. Official: Is it okay for you to leave the hospital?
Are you planning a lovers double-suicide at a spot where we won't be found?
That's not a bad idea!
I told you before, remember?
Well, I won't deny that.
Come on, you're not being very honest.Alt: Come one, you can come clean about it.
I made you worry for nothing.
Huh?
Man, it's hot today.
Later.
No fair! No fair!
Then you should've bought an ice pop instead of those things!
Okay, fine! I'll buy you one.
I felt like I'd changed.
I chose to go along with whatever she said. invitation. It does make sense but definitely not natural. 'whatever she said' is the idea here.
Congrats on getting out of the hospital.
I'm waiting for you at Cafe Spring.
Isn't that right nearby?
What's wrong?
Are you all right?
At that point, I had calmed down enough to be able to accept reality.Dub add 'at that point' and it makes sense to include even if not in the JP.
Um...
I'm really so glad...
I just need a moment.Alt: I'll just go get it, so just a moment. Literally just: wait a moment, could you
I've actually been curious about him for a while.
I want to get to know him better.
He already knows my secret, anyway.
And I had so much fun today!
No, I won't lie here.Dub: Well, there's no point in me lying here.
I'm really scared.
After that, we had fun together.
I almost cried again.
So I'm glad that we became so close.
Knowing that you'd eventually lose me,
I want to eat your pancreas.
Huh?
All the choices I made were so I could meet you!Not identical but similar to 1:34:35
If you'd told me...
Someday...Dub: Maybe someday...
But you're no longer here.I think this is connected to the previous line, not the following, but not sure how to work it that way.
Well, just recently.Well, just recently, for your information.
Same difference!
Just memorize the classification numbers.
and if you had a stomach problem, you'd eat a stomach.
you're the only one I can ask.
Huh?
I want to eat your pancreas!
They said Aunt Akane had her baby.
I don't know about that.
That's mine.
You did read it, right?
My pancreas has stopped working,
Were you listening?!
I'm sorry, but I don't have time for your coincidences.
Bye.
If you want, I'll spend the rest of my life hanging out with you.
You should spend that time doing whatever you want to do.PAR: You should live however you want.
Yes.
It's an important part of our job here at the library.
Even though you might drop dead tomorrow, for all you know!Official: You might die tomorrow, for all you know!
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Top of the list: entrails!
I realized I don't know a thing about you.
No, they haven't.
You can't know that.
Who knows?
Like I said, either way, the truth doesn't really matter to me.truth added so it's clear what he means. 'it doesn't really matter' is a bit ambiguous
I wouldn't invite someone I'm not interested in!
Don't insult me!PAR: Don't treat me like an idiot! Alt: Don't make fun of me!
What a mess.
Let's go around.
You there!
Ow!
Let's go!PAR: Let's scram! Nice, but I've never heard someone say that.
Cherry blossoms always wait for the right time to bloom.
Welcome back.
What a day!Alt: Today was great! Dub: It's me!
Later!
Complete opposites!
Getting back to what I was saying, you're coming, right?
You're only bringing me to all-you-can-eats.
I wonder.
Yeah, I told you that this morning.
Then what?!
and still lets me have a normal life.
So that's why
hanging out with you
A fleeting summer's love.
Wanna go out for karaoke?
I-I wasn't slacking off!
Yeah, no issue there.
Hey...
Who cares? Not like it'll kill you.Dub: Well, duh! What's the big deal?
The only thing not working is my pancreas!
We ended up in the same room, but you don't mind, right?
What?
By the way, I'm butt naked right now!
We've got a deck of cards, so let's play a game or something.I'm probably overusing the "or something", but she did say .
Are you stupid?To match line 34:08
Where do I rank compared to the rest of the class?PAR more literal: Where would you rank me in our class?
Truth!
Hooray!
Ow.
Carry-me-to-bed!
Which card do you want?
Sleep on the bed with me.Alt: Sleep on the bed, too
Yeah.
Let's go on another trip sometime.
And then it occurred to me.Dub: 'And then it hit me.' Most natural, but not sure how well this reads as subs.
You're late!
Sorry.
Huh?
Your place is in the opposite direction from mine, so no.? You live 
What? You know it?
And here I was all excited, thinking you might not know it since it's a foreign book.
Sounds like you've read it, then?
It's really good, so I want to hear what you think about it!impression; thoughts; what you have to say about it.
Yeah?
No, I wouldn't.
This is one of them.
You weren't saying anything, which made it seem like this was serious.PAR: The mood got all serious because you wouldn't say anything!
That was embarrassing.
What are you doing here?
I said it's Sakura, right? Answer me!
What else could it be, then?!Alt: Then what is it, huh?
The whole class is talking about you!
What... are you doing?
What a coincidence.
Hey!
You're... You're bleeding!Blood...
Goodbye!
Besides, you and I...
And then
And that's what brought us here, at this very moment.
That much I knew.PAR: I shouldn't have been surprised.
Because I'm hanging out with you, right?PAR: Because I'm with you a lot, right?
Why?
Thanks.
I believe life itself shows us that.
Just like you and I have both chosen to live out this moment here and now.
Okay, thanks.
Should you really have left the hospital?Line break for quicker reading. Official: Is it okay for you to leave the hospital?
This way!
You really have been acting strange lately.
Of course I'm going to die.Alt: 'Of course I will.' Arguably a more natural response but PAR's works fine.
Very much.
Part of me was afraid
Huh?
I will take some gum, if you don't mind.
Nice catch!
but at some point, she'd changed me.
Someone who can love others.
Are you okay?
In life,Before she died ?
There was one other thing I wanted to do, besides pay my respects.PAR: I actually have something else to ask.
I just need a moment.Alt: I'll just go get it, so just a moment. Literally just: wait a moment, could you
To the one person who knew she was sick.Literally 'about her disease'
Thank you.
April 22.
That yakiniku was so good!
And I had so much fun today!
I'm definitely going to make him understand the glory of offal before I die.Dub: Before I die, I'm definitely going to convince him that organ meats taste amazing.
Though I tried my best to hide it.
I've lost half the time I have left.PAR: My lifespan got cut in half. Being lazy again or sake of signs only version.
So, how's it going?
that's what being alive means to me.
You created your own charm,
You know, cherry blossoms and spring.
All the choices I made were so I could meet you!Not identical but similar to 1:34:35
I'm here. So what do you want?
I think this is the first time we've really talked, huh?
What is it?
Her Will...
Why keep it from me?Why wasn't I told?
If you'd told me...
What's that mean?
You come all this way to Sakura's grave just to confess to me?
Well, just recently.Well, just recently, for your information.
I'm sure that'll motivate him to study for exams, too.
It didn't reflect her personality at all.Swapped to make sense in the English. Literally the previous line is the translation here. Alt: ...'entirely at odds with the sort of person she was in life.'
...for both the wake, and the funeral.swapped the wake and funeral so it makes more sense. I don't like ellipses at the beginning, but it's here so it's obvious this connects with the previous otherwise it could be interpreted as a new sentence with a new idea to be explained
What?! There's too many, though!
Oh, is that so?
You did read it, right?
My pancreas has stopped working,
You don't say.Official: Oh, I see
Hey, that was the first time we ever spoke to one another, right?
I want you to keep my illness a secret.
If you want, I'll spend the rest of my life hanging out with you.
I'm good.
Do we really have to do this every day?
What were you expecting?
I get where you're coming from...
You don't say.
I'm writing a list of all the things I want to do before dying in this book,
Hey!
Sure thing!Alt: 'Coming right up!' Do wait staff actually say that?
Here you go, tripe and heart.
By the way, is there really no one in our class you're close to?Dub: do you really not get along with anyone in our class?
Like I said, either way, the truth doesn't really matter to me.truth added so it's clear what he means. 'it doesn't really matter' is a bit ambiguous
Enough is as good as a feast.
Couldn't you hear me?
Oh, she got both of them good.
See ya, ma'am!
They wait for it to become warm and then bloom all at once.
Thanks for hanging out with me.Dub: Thanks a lot for hanging out with me today.
Later!
Oops.
Getting back to what I was saying, you're coming, right?
Of course not.
Sakura, are you really friends with this guy?
What?!
Man, I didn't expect Kyoko to be here, too.
But you're the one person who knows the truth
You need to spend more time reaching out to people!Alt: 'Use that time to reach out to people!' reach out to; interact; connect with. Distant synonym: socialize
Go and throw this away.
Get your butt back to cleaning, too.
Just go to some place you've wanted to visit before you die.
Yeah.
Are you stupid?Official: Don't be stupid?
By the way, I'm butt naked right now!
Well, since we're already drinking,
Yeah.
All right!
So, are you gonna answer my question or what?
But I wasn't actually expecting you to give me a serious answer!
That caught me off guard.
Then, truth or dare?
What were you like when you were a little kid?
What's the happiest thing that's ever happened in your life?Pushing it for onscreen time but it's the better line. PAR: 'What's the happiest thing you've experienced?'
All these serious questions are making this boring.Official: All your questions are so serious. it's boring.
Sorry for this, but I'm going to give you both a truth and a dare this time,
I can't stand up!
Thanks.
The next round will be the last.
Six.
I'm not alone.
All right, fine.
That jacket looks good on you.
So you actually had fun, did you?
If you do anything to hurt her...
Are you listening?
Huh?
Your place is in the opposite direction from mine, so no.? You live 
Come on, don't be like that.
Aren't you curious about what it is?
A little.
Oh, you can grab an item there.
I've been wondering for a while.
If I ever feel like it.
Huh?
I'm just joking around with you.
What were you thinking?
That's unusually nice of you!
I hear her old boyfriend was like that.
Sakura!
Oh, no!
Are you okay?
That's not true!
Then what was it?
Each and every one of the choices that we've made have stacked up
Yeah.
but I'm fine.
I told her I had to get my appendix removed.
It's because you don't talk to them.enough
Are you still trying to imagine how they all feel about you?
Why bother doing anything if it's not going to benefit anyone?
Thanks.
Being alive, huh?
Hating someone.
That's where the purpose to being alive comes from.
Not happening!
I want to borrow your warmth!
I hear Kyoko came by today?
Yeah.
And I soon found out what may have been the reason for it.
That's not what I mean.
What is it?
Don't worry.
When I'm going to die, I'll be sure to let you know.
Oh, it's starting!
That I wanted to go and see fireworks.
I didn't say that.
Someone who can be loved.
And I broke my promise to give back what I borrowed from her.
Yes? What is it?
Huh?
I'm a little...
Thank you very much.
There's more.
So, how's it going?
Here's something related to that.Dub: 'And I think I might know why that is.' This is a translation of the idea.
I'll tell you what I wanted to ask you.
Were you scared of turning me into someone important in your mind?
Knowing that you'd eventually lose me,
My charm can only be brought out when I'm with others.Official: 'My charm only exists with the people around me.' Literally it's more like: 'is not complete without someone around me.' PAR had issues with charm and used allure. Not sure why but either works fine. If you really wanted to translate the idea, you could even go: 'my strengths'
Your relationships with others are what make you who you are.
I'm sorry.
What a perfect name to go with Sakura.Dub: to match Sakura's.
You and I really are...
It must've been you.
In her will, she asked me to have it.
She didn't tell anyone besides me.Alt: I was the only one she told
I'm never going to forgive you.
Wait up!
It wasn't as easy as you made it seem.
Let's be happy.
What are you standing around for?
The funeral of my classmate, Yamauchi SakuraSakura Yamauchi,
It didn't reflect her personality at all.Swapped to make sense in the English. Literally the previous line is the translation here. Alt: ...'entirely at odds with the sort of person she was in life.'
and if you had a stomach problem, you'd eat a stomach.
Nobody? Are you getting into cannibalism?PAR: Excuse me? Did you suddenly realize you're a cannibal?
Oh, come on...
We'll have to ask her.
Well then...Alt: Here.
You don't think I'm joking, do you?
I thought we'd never have anything to do with each other again.Official: I thought I'd never talk to her again.
You don't say.
You can't be very busy with no friends, right?Alt: Being friendless means you'd have plenty of free time, right?
Sure thing!Alt: 'Coming right up!' Do wait staff actually say that?
Even though I'm sick, it doesn't get in the way of my life at all!
You know, I don't like the idea of being cremated.PAR: I don't want to be cremated. Official: I don't like the idea of cremation.
Or maybe, a classmate who knows my secret.
As long as no harm's done to me,
I can't eat all that!
What a mess.
Ma'am, are you all right?As PAR noted, the dudes hat says: "Safety First"
All right! We're going in here!
Spring goes hand in hand with cherry blossoms.Spring flowers
Are you talking about your name?
Hey, give me your contact info!
You know it!
Hey, are you interested in girls at all?
Because you'll die soon?
There's no way I'd tell him that.PAR: I'd never tell my boyfriend that.
Listen, Sakura, it's not that I want to complain.
What's that even supposed to mean?!
I only talk to you about this stuff.PAR: You're the only one I can talk about this with.
My family just overreacts to everything I say.
They're desperately trying to pretend that we have a normal life.
and still lets me have a normal life.
So that's why
This might be my last summer, so I gotta enjoy it to the fullest.
If you think everything I say means something, you couldn't be more wrong!PAR: You're gravely mistaken if you think there's a purpose to everything I say!
Nice idea, I'm in!sounds good
The break starts tomorrow!
Although I am pretty surprised your parents actually let you go on this trip.
That's cruel and sad.
Yeah, no issue there.
Why not?
Who cares? Not like it'll kill you.Dub: Well, duh! What's the big deal?
I saw a policeman on TV saying that they're the hardest kind of bad guy to catch.
So, the thing is...
Apparently there was a screw up with our reservations.
They said it was their fault, so they gave us a way better room than what we paid for!literally: than what Iwe had bookedreserved.
Are you stupid?Official: Don't be stupid?
All right!
Two more rounds.
The one closest to me.
Are you okay?
Sure, I don't mind.
Which card do you want?
Six.
Sleep on the bed with me.Alt: Sleep on the bed too
I knew I could count on you, Kyoko. Thanks.
Yeah. Got it.
Well, this is my stop.
and when her parents had a huge fightfscx150
How do you actually feel about Sakura?PAR: 'What is Sakura to you?'
I was talking to someone.
Weren't you going to lend me a book?
If you ever feel like it, huh?
No, I wouldn't.
Why would Sakura be with someone like you?
I hear her old boyfriend was like that.
What... are you doing?
What a coincidence.
So...
Yeah.
was slowly but surely eating her up inside.
That much I knew.PAR: I shouldn't have been surprised.
What did you tell your best friend about being in hospital?
There you go again...
Um, could we play just one round of truth or dare?
Hey, what are you two doing?!
Hey, Mom...
Something felt off about her in that hospital room.
Hey.
I didn't say that.
Either way, you should bring her here sometime.
Then just a friend of yours, huh?
Well, it doesn't really matter.
What!? You actually remembered that place!Email 1:18:08
It's not like you to say something so nice!Email 1:18:08
You truly are alphaHFFan amazing person.
And the truth is, I probably always wanted to be like you.
Someone who can love others.
A person like that.Official: That's the kind of person you are.
I had to pull myself together...suck it up
Here, take this.
Um...
April 22.
Today was the first time I told someone outside the family about my illness.Basically the dub
He feels a bit different from everyone else.
That yakiniku was so good!
I'm just not letting it show.
I've lost half the time I have left.PAR: My lifespan got cut in half. Being lazy again or sake of signs only version.
I'm so happy.
that when I was alone again, the tears wouldn't stop.
Thank you very much.
And lastly, to you...
I already let my mom know.
Knowing that you'd eventually lose me,
You really are an amazing person.
You, who has no need for relationships like friendship or love,
You see, I wanted to tell you before I died.
It's fine. Thank you.
Get to the point.Official: Make it quick.
That's Sakura's handwriting...
I won't.
I'm never going to forgive you.
It wasn't as easy as you made it seem.
to be the kind of person you were.
Someone who could accept others...Same as 1:17:13
Well, see you later.
You come all this way to Sakura's grave just to confess to me?
What are you standing around for?
Putting the books back.
Nobody? Are you getting into cannibalism?PAR: Excuse me? Did you suddenly realize you're a cannibal?
Really? I wanna see!
Surprised?
Ever since I found out I had a pancreatic disease, I started using it as a diary.
That's it?!
Anyway, I have to go to the front desk.
It'll be our little secret.
It's an important part of our job here at the library.
Obviously. Why wouldn't I?
I'm not sure what's obvious about it.See 38:38
Weren't you the one who told me to do whatever I wanted to do?
I realized I don't know a thing about you.
or something worse.
I'm happy to let all my relationships outside of family, to begin and end in my head.
it doesn't matter if they like me or hate me.
I wouldn't invite someone I'm not interested in!
but all that really got on my nerves!Dub: 'You probably didn't mean to sound so rude about it, but I'm still upset you felt the need to say it!' This is good but too much not in the JP to use this.
Huh?
This is a nice place we came across.
Hey, give me your contact info!
Want some dinner?
Morning, everyone.
Want some gum?
Thank you!
Hey, there's another place I want to visit today, before I die.PAR: 'Hey, I have another place on my bucket list I want to visit today.' Arguably a better translation of the idea but she doesn't specifically mention her list so I'll go with the more literal.
Complete opposites!
Keep it down.
Or are you trying to make me fat?
You're only bringing me to all-you-can-eats.
I've never even had a friend.
but I believe that the world of fiction is more fun than reality.
But I guess you wouldn't know his name even if I told you.
Sakura!
But, like, you've been alone with him two days in a row!
Then what?!
She's a nice girl, so you should try and get along with her too.
Are you...
who can give me the truth and a normal life.reality actually fits better as PAR used, but it doesn't work with "a normal life".
So that's why
We're not.
Something happen?
Wait, hang on!
That's way off.
Yeah, sure, no problem.
Get your butt back to cleaning too.
I'm sure they'll have a Uniqlo outlet.store
In order to keep my parents from worrying,
I'll keep that in mind.PAR: I'll remember that
Huh?
They said it was their fault, so they gave us a way better room than what we paid for!literally: than what Iwe had bookedreserved.
Are you stupid?Official: Don't be stupid?
You do that!
Here, this is yours.
Oh, don't be such a party pooper.Alt: killjoy
What's that? Sounds too philosophical for a game.Alt: 'What sort of name is that for a game? Sounds too philosophical.'
Are you stupid?To match line 34:08
Truth or dare?
It's like, I know I'm the one who asked,
This is pretty nerve-racking!No way to make a statement with heart racing sound natural
Is that it?
I'd get in fights with the biggest guy in the class.
My strength is being able to get along with everyone.
Ten.
Sorry for this, but I'm going to give you both a truth and a dare this time,
so can you pick one?
Which card do you want?
If I...
No arguing, no resisting.
I'll make sure I explain all of this to you someday.
Yeah. Got it.
Leave me alone.PAR: Don't play games with me.
So you actually had fun, did you?
What?!
After the break was over, though, all that awaited me
You know, Sakura is way more sensitive than you think!More literally: 'You know, Sakura is a way more sensitive girl than you might think!'
Sorry.
I was talking to someone.
but ever since I was little, there's been one book I've loved.
Aren't you curious about what it is?
I've been wondering for a while.
I doubt that I could even if I wanted to. I don't even have friends.
If not a girlfriend, then you should at least try to make some friends.
That's a relief.
Like I always do.
Are you playing along with my joke?
I was just talking to him about you.
Are you okay?
That's not true.
And then
For a little longer...
What did you tell your best friend about being in hospital?
If you did, I'm sure they'll see that you're a pretty fun guy.
You did lend me that book.
Thanks.
Being alive...
Just like you and I have both chosen to live out this moment here and now.
Hey...
I just want to enjoy the truth and the normal life that you give me.PAR: I just want a taste of your reality and normalcy.
Hey, what are you two doing?!
Kyoko!Keyframe snap looks worse to me
I missed you so much!
Are you planning a lovers double-suicide at a spot where we won't be found?
Couldn't this night view wait until after you get out of the hospital?Added lead out to give this more onscreen time. Preferred if not for the onscreen time: If it's just for the night view, couldn't you wait until you get out of hospital?
You really have been acting strange lately.
Come on, you're not being very honest.
Thank me.
Man, it's hot today.
Later.
Yeah!
Nice catch!
Well, you guys have fun.
The complete opposite of me.
Someone who can accept others.
Be careful out there.
Are you okay?
She broke her promise of telling me when she was going to die.
Once I'd processed my feelings, I realized something.PAR: Having sorted out my feelings, something became clear to me. 
Go and give her a proper goodbye.
What?
I just need a moment.Alt: I'll just go get it, so just a moment. Literally just: wait a moment, could you
she said he'd come to get this no matter what.
And I have to stay here for at least two weeks.PAR: I ended up having to stay for two weeks.
They said something about numbers being off.PAR: Some numbers were wrong or something like that.
I'm not lying to them.
He walked in while I was in the middle of dancing to try and shake off my fear.PAR: He saw me when I was dancing to rid myself of my worries.
It made me feel a lot better.
Then Kyoko surprised me by showing up out of nowhere!
Yaaaay!Dub: Woohoo!
Don't worry, I didn't write your name.Past tense since it's her will
So, how's it going?
To be completely honest,
there were plenty of times when I thought I'd fallen in love with you.
You created your own charm,
Maybe I've spent 17 years waiting to be needed by you.
You know what?
It would be a shame to describe the relationship we have using normal, everyday words.
What a perfect name to go with Sakura.Dub: to match Sakura's.
Thanks for coming.
This is her book.
I want you to forgive me.
It was really difficult for me to reach out to other people.
Someone who could accept others...Same as 1:17:13
You're right.
I assume it was drowned in the tears of the many people there...
if she even saw it.
Those are historical fiction, and this shelf is for history books.
Apparently that was supposed to cure you of your illness.
We'll have to ask her.
That's it?!
I'm sorry, but I don't have time for your coincidences.
I'm going to be late for the streetcar.I'd go with tram but American English is preferred, and trolley just reminds me of a shopping cart.
Thanks!
Yes.
Even though you might drop dead tomorrow, for all you know!Official: You might die tomorrow, for all you know!
That's sweetbread. You know, the pancreas.
Don't tell me eating cow entrails is also part of your treatment program?
Your soul's probably really obnoxious.
or something worse.
And other people don't have any interest in me.
I wouldn't invite someone I'm not interested in!
'Scuse me? This hag was standing in the middle of the damn road!
Huh?
It's pretty clear who'd be found guilty in court!
See ya, ma'am!
Hey you, stay right there too!
Hey, look at this!Alt: Check this out!
Hey, so did you hear?
Good morning.
Wow! This thing's out of print, so it's super rare!
I highly recommend the shortcake at this place.Alt: It's gotta be the shortcake, here.
What is it?Alt: What's up?
Sakura!
Man, I didn't expect Kyoko to be here too.
And that wouldn't be very fun, would it?
They're desperately trying to pretend that we have a normal life.
and still lets me have a normal life.
A fleeting summer's love.
I'm a teenage girl in high school now,
you still want to have a boyfriend?another boyfriend but not in the JP
Hm?
I'll pass.Alt: No, thanks.
I-I just thought I'd give him some gum.
And don't you dare stand me up!
Change of clothes?
Well, you can just buy something when we get there.
I'm sure they'll have a Uniqlo outlet.store
Come on, stop being so gloomy. You should be having fun on a trip like this.
Is this the right spelling?Literally, 'is this how you write it' Obviously doesn't work here.
So what's your first name, anyway?
I saw a policeman on TV saying that they're the hardest kind of bad guy to catch.
I guess that also explains why you'll survive and I'll die.
So, the thing is...
You don't always get a nice room like this, so you have to try the bed too!Experience or enjoy the bed
Thanks!
Okay, I win.
Truth.
If you don't want to answer, you can switch to dare.
If I had to go with someone...
Oh, you mean Hina!
What?
What's the saddest thing that's happened in your life?most painfulheart-breaking
Sure, I don't mind.
Let me give you a hand, so come on, get up.
Let's see...Alt: How about...
Sleep on the bed with me.Alt: Sleep on the bed too
but apparently Kyoko is out to kill you.
What about princess-carrying me to bed?
She may not look it, but she gets hurt a lot easier than most people.
No one's home.
Come on!
Now, now, there's no need to hurry.
This is a hug.
Did I make your heart race?Alt: Did I make you nervous?
Are you playing along with my joke?
Do you really think it's okay to do something like this to a girl?!
I said it's Sakura, right? Answer me!
Wait! We're not done here!talking!
Won't take no for an answer?!
Oh, no!
A guy like him? What do you mean?
so I took care of him for you!
Don't tell me you think you're better than him?
I hate you now!Name won't sound natural here.
If I'd kept to myself, nobody would've gotten hurt!
and brought us together!Dub: and created the path that led us together.
I don't think there's anything I can do for you.
That's not true.
Because the next thing I knew, she was in hospital.hospitalized.
Are you still trying to imagine how they all feel about you?
You're better off getting along with everyone in class.
What?
Huh? What's wrong?
You're...
Nope, not at all.
Should you really have left the hospital?Line break for quicker reading. Official: Is it okay for you to leave the hospital?
You can see this place from the hospital!
Oh, it's starting!
Aren't you glad you came?
That's pretty arrogant for an apology.
You don't want to go?
Before long, the day came when the hospital let her go home.literally 'discharged' but this translation sounds more natural.
I'm glad that you finally have someone who can see you for who you truly are.a lot of 'you' here
Yo!
Heading somewhere?
Stop it! I said stop it!
I felt like I'd changed.
but at some point, she'd changed me.
And...
Now you have to compliment me as punishment!
Once I'd processed my feelings, I realized something.PAR: Having sorted out my feelings, something became clear to me. 
and face the end of the story.
What?
I'm really so glad...
Thank you.
I've actually been curious about him for a while.
I'm really scared.
Now it's time to enjoy the rest of my life!The dub. It doesn't quite translate the idea but it's ok. Alt: Now I can enjoy the time I still have left!
Thank you very much.
To be completely honest,
Knowing that you'd eventually lose me,
Oh, but I'm not trying to criticize you and call you a coward or anything.
That goes for everyone, right?
That day when you told me you wanted me to live...
Just like the cherry blossoms waiting for spring!
That I'd like to take a leaf out of your book.
Ma'am.
Yes?Official: What is it?
Because we were always looking at each other.not looking in the same direction. This is emphasized in the novel but there's just no room for it here, and it's not in the JP dialogue. As it is, technically 'Because' is not here in the JP either, but I think it's needed to make point more clear. It's the translation of the idea here, anyway, so it's fine.
I'm the one who lived my life just to meet you.Alt: find you. More literally just: 'I lived my life just to meet you', but it doesn't flow well from the previous line. Overall, the dub gets the idea across better: 'It's almost like you were my whole reason for living.'
What a perfect name to go with Sakura.Dub: to match Sakura's.
Get to the point.Official: Make it quick.
You're right.
She liked to joke around,
Why?
I could've been with Sakura...
I'm never going to forgive you.
so I'm going to start off by complaining.
It wasn't as easy as you made it seem.
But I've finally come this far.
But you're no longer here.I think this is connected to the previous line, not the following, but not sure how to work it that way.
Talk about creepy.
Yeah, right!
So that's how it is.
Hello?
I made omelet rice!
Ah... I love the sea, after all!
Hold steady!
Spread!
Left 
Report from 43 Sagamiya block.
Ongoing fire in the apartment next door.
Coat, check!
Ah wait! Eh?
One female resident unaccounted for!
I can see it from the rooftop.
Hinageshi, move out!
You got this! Keep at it!
Have you seen Koba's map?
He can get a full grasp on the best routes and plan like it's second nature.
The building material on the balconies there are pretty flammable.
Please be careful.
Your car has its face after all!
I'd like to hear one of your favorites.
Lookin' good!
You're gonna be a natural!
Breathe, ready, and stand!
Until... Cool...
You really can do anything huh, Hinageshi?
Ah.
Catch some waves again...
Wanna come with us?
You're right, it's great and not too sweet!
Small but has spit full of deadly tetrodotoxin!
This Blue-Ringed Octopus Youko has too much poison in her spit so she'll be taking her leave!
She's like that after all...
You can see Mt. Fuji!
What are you gonna do if it becomes yours too!
Hey!
Come here!
If you fry the outside well,
Like this.
So I'm sure you'll find it in no time.
Is that sarcasm?
They hatch on the beach.
Hinako!
You're wrong!
Stop that.
Here.
My brother's phone.
In fact it's better if you do!
Sorry...
Just us and our sharp tongues.
It's not someone's birthday...
By the way...
The hell are you doing?!
Minato?
The hell are you talking about?!
Hey now, listen up!
My brother's never gonna come back!
Why is he... inside the water?
It's weird to be seeing hallucinations right?
It's definitely Minato... I'm sure of it.
Minato?
Sorry, it's because of me isn't it.
Oh, no no!
I don't really understand it myself...
Ah, I got soaked earlier so I'm gonna take a bath!
One more.
I want to see you surfing.
Just one more time.
No matter how small the wave.
I heard from your mom that you started working here.
Well, drink up!
It's not about failing at work or anything...
It's about Hinako...
And well...
Stupid Wasabi.
You like her don't you?
Um, here, I never got a chance to return this.
I hope she'll like them!
They're wonderful!
That's good.
It was like... you were talking to Minato in the water bottle-
He said he likes me!
How about me...?
I'm fine with how things are now!
Can't you hear it? Minato's voice...
Hinako!
Hinako get yourself together!
There's no such thing as ghosts!
Did you know?
That gas is slowly released after roasting
I'll be going straight to the main store in Chigasaki to train.
This time you're visiting my home? Seems a bit belated.
And I've yet to pay my respects...
So thinking about my brother would...
What? What now?
Here it is!
They said you were a hero!
When the ambulance arrives guide them over!
The strawberries...
It's important to be able to save people at sea of course.
And we participate in competitions as well.
And so I started going on runs, though it's not really my job to know all that...
My brother was also always going around town checking for hazards.
Well of course you'll never ever reach him.
There's sugar over there.
No matter how much effort I put in I'll never become like Minato.
You can shut up about Minato this, Minato that already!
You said that it was fine for me to just be myself.
I was able to save someone as well huh...
Chest compressions. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10.
Time your push so that the chest fully expands before pressing down.
After that return to doing chest compressions.
How about we head on over.
Hello, Youko...?
Did you know that there was a fire in a half-finished building a year ago?
They were talking about going to set off fireworks again.
They said they were gonna do it at the abandoned Oste building.
It's useless without proof! I'm gonna go get their pictures!
Ah hey wait, what are you ahh!
It's already plenty!
I wonder what the fireworks will be...
Crap!
Hey, that's dangerous!
Youko: I'm with Hinako...
Fire reported in Nagakawa.
If the timber inside catches, it'll basically be an incinerator!
Get access with the cutter!
What?!
My wish was, that you would become able to ride your own wave.
Until you... Managed to ride your own wave...
Sorry for having you out during Christmas.
It's to celebrate your life saving certification!
Thanks for the meal!
Well then, we'll be off!
Let's head back.
You know her?
Squad 2, you're up!
Spread!
Ah, that's okay! I'll be fine with just some directions
Right, left, school, right
Take care!
SCHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL! 
Open up!
I can see it from the rooftop
Wanna try sometime?
Was I a bit early?
It was just moving everything from the 8th to the 2nd floor, so it's all taken care of!
I used to live around there when I was little,
Though people always get it wrong as 'Mukoumizu'
I thought so! You really do like them don't you!
Woah...
Throw out your chest!
Paddle paddle paddle!
I'll... Try harder!
I'll make some coffee
I'd also prefer to just call you 'Hinako'
Uwah!
Sign: Beware of Black Kites!! They target moving things, swooping in from behind. Their sharp claws may cause injury to people. Caution is advised.
Oh, no it's fine!
Ah, wait up!
Umm!
You're right, it's great and not too sweet!
You lovebirds are already sweeter than anything else here!
But I feel like we'll get along well!
What?
That part about you really helps me out
She's finally going again recently
Amazing!
Yes, looking great!
Come here
It's snowing!
While keeping the inside runny
Want to try putting it on?
When I was a kid omelet rice would be my favorite treat
Is that sarcasm?
I saw some newly hatched sea turtles
Sea turtles?
When I saw them desperately crawling their way towards the ocean
I started going with my grandpa on his coastal patrols
You're amazing!
Just think of other things like you do the ocean
Then just keep swimming
No way!
Ignoring me to keep surfing!
Here
Hey!
Why is he... inside the water?
You still had lingering regrets?
I see...
I want to know why you went to go surfing by yourself without telling me
That was...
I don't remember raising a girlfriend who would go and look at other's phones without asking!
Ouch!
Where you from?
Nope!
Right now you're just having a bit of trouble against that power
I'm here to help, and I'll be cheering you on too
Welcome!
Huh? What's up?
Youko-chan...
No, see...
It's not about failing at work or anything...
Why?
Is that a bit too boring...?
Not at all!
You... don't have it with you today?
Or that plastic finless porpoise
He's a good guy
Even I feel he's honest, and kind...
Listen, Hinako...
But he's still inside!
Why are you now...
With you like this Senpai will never be able to pass on!
You come to make fun of me?
No way!
He'd say that if he didn't keep working hard he'd sink down like the blockhead he was
Was that when he was little and was saved from being drowned
Alright!
That you will be able to ride your own wave
The locations of fire hydrants can change quite a bit if you don't keep yourself updated
He said that prevention was the best way to fight fires
If you can drive a firetruck, isn't that just awesome?
There's sugar over there
was being all disparaging about how different I was from my brother
You said that it was fine for me to just be myself
Eh?
Can you do that?
Haha, you're fine with just being Honored?
The Oste? Isn't that the famous one with the world's largest tree inside?
All raring to go
Anyone got earplugs?
Way to go!
Eh? Really?
Though it's all dried up...
Youko-chan, wait!
Jeez, you scared me!
It's too dark!
Ah, let's go!
You guys! Don't you know better than to set off fireworks in an abandoned building!
Fireworks again?!
Take the hose, and find a way to get up there!
Cannot proceed, over!
What Minato would want...
Minato!
It's just the two of them above here, leave it to me!
Ride your wave!
Omelet rice has been how I've celebrated since I was a kid!
Inside port tower, there's a holy site for couples you know?
I see...
Let's head back
Direct attack!
Here, have this towel. It's clean.
Where are you headed?
Keep calm. We'll get you down from here.
We've rescued a resident. Take us down, please.
Sorry, sir.
I hope to see you again,
riding the waves.
That's it! Go on!
Go on, go on! You can do it!
You say that like it's easy.
All that tidying must have been a real pain.
so I applied for university here.
This song sure brings back memories!
Very cool! You'll pick it up in no time I'm sure.
Now, pop up!
You're great at everything, aren't you...
And you can call me Minato, you know.
And if we hadn't come here, I wouldn't have got to sit in this lovely cafe.
Chiba, actually.
Where have you come from?
I've already got plans, I'm afraid.
An octopus?
This blue-ringed octopus is so full of venom she needs to go home. Bye.
She'd been avoiding school for a while.
It's Mount Fuji! You can see Mount Fuji!
HINAKO MUKAIMIZU
But, I've still never managed to do it.
See? Just like that.
So, I started going out on beach patrols with my grandpa.
I thought to myself that I wanted a job where I got to help people.
Well, I still can't ride the ocean waves like you do.
Until you're able to ride those waves alone.
It must be painful for you.
He didn't!
What date is your birthday, then? February 3rd.
It's none of the days I can think of.
I'm gonna have a strawberry soda!
It's okay... You wouldn't be you without it.
You're not on drugs, right?
Why don't you go back home for a while?
You should take it easy, Hinako.
I'm not seriously trying to take a picture of a ghost, am I...?
Did you leave anything unfinished?
Yeah, I saw them briefly.
Right...
I wanted to practice in secret and surprise you with how much I'd improved.
What's this? Am I living with Minato, then?
Are we shacking up? Or will we get married?
Oh, sorry. But you did start singing...
Is something the matter?
Wait up, is that jealousy I detect? Of course not.
Go on, then.
I'm sorry.
whether it's at sea or on shore,
I just don't know in which direction I should be paddling.
so, I started looking too and, well...
I'm just worried about Hinako is all. I can't help thinking about it.
If you're worried about Hinako it's her you should be talking to.
How d'you know about that?
I noticed when you came to the station, and well, I saw you out and about with it...
Umm. These are for you, Hinako!
I can't hold you tight, or kiss you.
Minato...
Shimmers ever so brilliantly in the light. Hinako!
but I don't think he would have ever wanted to see you in this state!
I don't know what to do. How am I supposed to go on, if you leave me?
From Wasabi? Yeah.
They all said he'd helped them, somehow.
D'you remember that story about me saving a boy from drowning at sea?
That little girl over there saved you!
Of course you'll learn how to rescue people out at sea,
You'll get to take qualifications and there are plenty of chances to do sports.
We've got 6 boys and 4 girls.
It's not really in my job description, though.
Do you think I might be able to make you happy?
Maybe I was a bit naive when I chose a job for life.
This is sickly sweet. No kidding.
You dummy. You said that to me, don't you remember?
that I was quite different from my brother.
And I managed to go back to school!
Thank you, Yoko. I'll give it my best, after all!
I love you more than anyone!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten...
a building under construction to go up in flames.
Yoko. I'm going to call the cops.
We need proof first. I'm gonna take pictures of these jerks.
Nice view! Happy times!
It's too dark.
Fireworks... Are we facing Katsuura, I wonder...
Hey. Watch what yer doin'! Put it out, put it out!
My leg hurts real bad!
The hydrant's been moved 30 meters south of the new mansion block!
A girl I love is in trouble!
Search for 252s on the 15th and other floors!
Hinako!
Omelet with rice and a lifeguard certificate...
No more playing detective, okay?
Well done!
there's a lovers' sanctuary you can visit.
Happy New Year!
The water I see you looking out on...
I'm not going to get it for you, though.
I've got plenty of barley tea in my fridge at home.
Let's go up to the roof.
The wind's strong.
It'd be a waste to eat in the classroom.
You can take one of my sandwiches if you'd like.
You don't need to give Kaname anything, Shun.
You just aren't listening to them.
getting all excited over nothing.
...without anyone getting hurt.
Kaori-sensei!
You made Shun sleep in the middle,
It's the fastest way for you to get what you're missing.
A club's not something you force yourself into.
I hurl it as hard as I can at you, right?
How are you supposed to play on a team like that?!
Are you just not really athletic?
That's right.
I guess I should think about my future health.
We've already checked out most of the athletics clubs.
Well? Should we
I wiped it!
Kaname's part of the
Treasure the moment, okay?
There's an 80 chance nothing will change, though,
Mechanical pencils? Had to shorten to fit the duration
Even though I'm not eating there?
He ended up going to the faculty office to get some disposable ones.
If you're going to blame anyone, blame him.
These aren't mine!
she twisted the faucet.
What did I do to her?
Wh-What should we do?
Calm down! It's just a mannequin!
Your band-aids are kinda weird.
No chance!
Are you okay?
I was looking at the tulips.
through the snow without gloves on...
"So itchy, so hot. They're on fire!"
There they are.
Yeah, surprisingly.
Could it be?
It's me, right?
Don't mock me!
Are you okay?
I just get so angry.
I ended up getting lectured.
Well, because...
I have a bunch of other cute ones.
That'll be 420 yen.
Thank you very much.
Seriously?
Huh? What?
So cheap!
What are you doing, Kanamecchi?
That cheater.
Shun-chan!
Over here.
You're right. She's beautiful.
Yes?
What?
Stickers?
and give all the stickers to Yukki?
And she's still waiting for her prince to ride up on his white horse!
Come on. We're growing boys.
She really shut them up.
What?
The sticker? I can't give you that.
It's unusual for a high school boy to want a plate.
Do you read anime magazines?
Are you saying you don't care...
What a ridiculous morning. this kind of shit this early in the morning
I'm on Sticker Duty today, so I thought I'd buy it before school.
What's that?
Can't you enjoy your food more?
Don't baby him, Shun.
Isn't it nice to see them getting along?
Do you need help with your homework?
Sorry, Shun-chan.
Chizuru-kun, what about you?
Oh, it's you!
She just watches TV when I'm not there, though.
That's great.
That was definitely three points' worth of work.
Yeah.
What'll I do if he's that cute?
Huh? Their hair's kinda similar.
You idiot!
I'm not a middle schooler!
So tiny!
Don't worry about it.
Is that true? They feel like upper arms?
As his elder, I can't just make something up!
Come on! What's with this?
Why do you want to see her so badly?
Huh?
What?
Oh, no...
You're lucky I'm used to being hit on the head!
But he's spreading lies about me...mixture of fact and fiction; half-truths
I don't have time for you guys.
Let us big bros help you out!
And Obata's near my phone.
It's only a matter of time before they see through my disguise!
My uniform fits you perfectly!
Yes.
He's a second year high school student now?
Oh, thank...
Don't you know that you shouldn't bring your phone to school?
He confiscated it.
I wonder what happened...
It's only slightly sprained.
What? Your phone was lost in vain.
Ow...
Yes.
I don't care about saving the Earth.
I knew this was the source of that smell.
No, it's fine!
Chizuru, you've had a busy day.
Hey, you!
While we enjoy these quiet days,
They might.
Chizuru-kun.
I wonder how Kaname's love life will unfold.
Many seasons have come and gone, and although much time has passed,
It hasn't changed one bit.
The kindergarten hasn't changed, but we've certainly grown.
Those kids don't even let the cold stop them from playing.
It's the middle of winter, too.
If that little monkey finds out about this...
I don't listen to evildoers!
W-W-Wait!
You let him get away!
I-It's...
Yes, he's got quite the attitude now
Hey! Give me back my glasses!
You bastard!
Lame!
Go be a good guard dog!
Bathroom, bathroom...
I can't keep up with kids these days.
We were naughty and precocious when we were little, too.
He didn't seem like such a bad kid to me.
Are you making fun of me?
It's almost snack time. Would you like to join us?
What if we were in the middle of something?
Huh?
You're not going to eat?
C-Cookies.
Kaname-kun, are you all right?
Kaname-kun!
Who's the boy standing behind you?
Okay.
I'd be that cool guy's wife again.
He was just as passionate about the girl he liked...
Really? Kanamecchi, were you really?
Stop it!
You're not the slightest bit cute.
Masaki-chan's face was red.
Does she have a cold?
A student is transferring to our class soon.
Really?
Nice to meet you.
I hope you'll share your textbook when I forget mine.
You're that kid, aren't you?
Who are you?
What's wrong?
How do you two know each other?
That's not it!
Our teacher told you to come to me if you have any questions.
He calls you Yukki?
But Yuuki's acting like the transfer student has confused him with someone else.
He's so cold.
I'm sure he's just embarrassed to see his old friend again.
He's not even a girl.
but it's our job as men to appreciate them anyway!
Hey, girlfriend!
Huh? Hey, hey!
You are identical, but...
for archival purposes until I've read it.
Books are made to be read.
From a distance, he looks like he's wearing a straw hat.
If you're going to buy it, just buy it already.
I can always buy manga volumes later,
Who are you guys talking about?
Don't get so excited over this crap!
I'm finished.
You want to play together?
My mom told me not to talk to strangers.
Oh, no.
Thanks.
I couldn't understand anything he said, though.
Yuuki?
Yukki, you were the one whom I played with on that day.
You should just say it was Yuuta.
Oh, that.
Your girlfriend is cute, isn't she?
You're late.
I had to fill in the class register.
I'm Asaba Yuuta.
Why are we doing a mixer?
You'll fall in l-love with someone as long as they're nice?
Yuuki-Mama, Kanamecchi's going to hurt me!
Yuuki-Mama! tilde can be deleted, but I feel like it fits XD
Shun's always been a flowery guy,
Kaname-kun, what's wrong?
No matter how much it snows, the flowers of love will always bloom.
I felt so bad for Snow White.
Yours is terrible.
Your rival's popular.
You're a cool little guy.
Is something wrong?
It's really pouring.
He's a surprisingly deep sleeper.
You shouldn't do that.
Kaname-kun, are you okay?
Personal information about the top student in our grade... doesn't come cheap.
Let go, Shun!
Huh? There's one extra juice.
You're gonna drink in here, too?
Because I want to talk to you, Kaname-kun.
Is it too late?
I had Yuuki-kun and Chizuru-kun take notes for
I'm sure they didn't take notes anyway.
Then, I'll...
Ow! You shouldn't punch sick people!
That's not it.
Should we take it to him?
Well, that's fine, isn't it?
Chizuru-kun, don't do that.
So heavy... You're all so heavy.
Actually, it'll be great going to school without you yelling at me.
But it'll get boring without you, so get well soon.
But I think you're looking a little better.
I don't hate the rain, though.
They really are.
After all, I'm motivated by more than just money.
Yuuki, if you don't hurry it up, they'll all die.
I'm busy!
Just one minute. Just talk to me for one minute.
Oh, that's not what I meant.
It's deliciously sweet and light in my mouth!
That's right. It's summer vacation,
What about a festival?
A Japanese festival!
No! Not just "something"!
Yes, but...
They really are.
I really wanted one when I was little,
Here, Shun-chan.
Take your time, Miss.
Miss, you don't know what you're doing, do you?
I thought I could do it.
Don't get so down about it. You almost got one.
Is Masaki-chan okay?
If you get close--
It's not underneath the surface. It's obviously above!
I caught so many goldfish that I had to return some.
What are you doing?
I didn't ask for your help!
If you're going to search by yourself, try not to look so upset.
Fine, but...
That's it.
Do you have any proof?
Thanks.
I can't believe they'd mess around like that.
No, it's not!
to look at the ordinary days that I'll treasure and hold on to forever, accumulated in my palm.
You said that it's hot and muggy out,
Are you both cutting my hair?
It's best if you just disregard that.
but it was really curly back then too.
I bet you were one cute middle-schooler, Shun-chan.
Shut up!
Sorry.
I can't understand why you would ever put salt on something so delicious!
I wonder why people put salt on watermelon...
All right!
I can do it!
They really do have everything.
But thumb wrestling is fun!
Here, look at this. Yuuki-kun drew my face!
Shun's not like that.
I'm sure you'll call me "Nerd" or "Four-eyes."
Are you joining the Art Club?
Ah, but the upperclassmen in the Volleyball Club saw Yuuta-kun during PE,
Do you want round glasses?
Ow.
Hey!
I can't believe first years these days.
What are you doing, Yuuki? You have to apologize.
Even if something happens,
Third years?
Kaname was so worried about
Don't say it!
You'll be wearing glasses from now on,
Really? That's good.
Who is she? Is she a first year?
September's already over, man!
I can't believe that we're switching to our winter uniforms soon.
Come on. Rock, paper, scissors...
What?
Oh, that reminds me.
Yuuta.
Who do you think you're talking to?
Yuutan, let's go.
Actually, um...
I can't go home with you guys today.
You, too.
They're gone.
Do you want to go somewhere?
I would never buy it.
Heh, I'm sure you don't care about that, though.
But Yuutan's not making any mistakes.
You shouldn't do that, Shun-chan.
All I do is read.
It's pretty cold of him to not tell us,
What are you doing with your hands?
How long have you been there?
Th-That's great.
Yeah, it's actually pretty fun.
Ah, we have contemporary literature next.
Really? You wanna come with?
Jun-chan, you were freaking out, too.
Hurry up!
Sorry I kept you waiting.
Let's just go.
That was when I realized...
I'm sure he'll say yes. You're really cute!
You don't need to force yourself away from them.
I think it grew on me.
I think if you change a little,
Really?
No, you're too heavy.
Y-Yes. Twice a year, the Manga Society...
Really?
I don't own a striped shirt or have an F in the middle of my name either.
Sounds interesting, doesn't it?
Yes!
How does it start?
His costume and sword are awesome!
But I think it's a great start.
It is, isn't it?
Who's this? What's up with that outfit?
Huh?
It took all the effort I had just to draw one character.
and fixes his gaze on what's ahead.
My sister... She's been kidnapped by monsters!
He wouldn't last long. It seems like he'll be killed right away
Well, I don't think the world expects anything from this hero.
I came to see how your manuscript is coming along.
What?
Drawing a manga in the relay format was pretty fun.
U-Um, I'm sorry.
Y-Yes.
I wonder what I should write. A hero is...
The cake is ours!
High School Fighting Homa Rangers!
No!
Let go!
I pissed off my class's Four-eyes-kun.
But I still think he's greater than any hero.
You must be busy as both a class rep and a member of the student council.
So Shun, what's your class doing?
H-Hey, don't ignore me!
Yup.
A stereotypical haunted house.
comforting bustle...
We're making posters.
What? But the flashier it is, the more people we'll attract!
Oh, this is...
Fine! I'll do it!
What? No.
You look safe and snug in that box!
But it feels more like I'm trapped in a box...
Damn it!
I'm not sure.
I won't lose next time!
I've installed my own bottomless feature!
That's not it.
What about me?
Ow!
Matsuoka-kun, Asaba-kun!
Really?
because we're copying others?
It's not good. Look.
What's wrong with this thing?
What are you, stupid?
Why are you wasting so much time on this?
Huh? What?
More like, he's stumbling over his words...
Yuuki! Monkey! Where are you?
Did you do something to make him mad again?
Damn it, where'd they go?
but I'm signed up to be a ghost.
Hey.
Then...
You shouldn't have any problems with letting me take a look!
No!
Y-You pervert.
That will need tons of curtains.
You're right.
Hey, hey, Shun-chan, I'm gonna be a ghost.
Poor Cinderella.
Shun-chan...
Something's not right.
The eye?
Guests will be coming in here soon.
Someone's coming.
Okay.
If you're a ghost, then scare them.
Come on. Keep walking.
Don't apologize. I feel better if there are more people with me in a haunted house...
Yuuki-kun, you're so smart!
Me, too!
We're almost there.
Pervert! That's harassment!
Excuse me!
Of course.
Really?
Are you Little Red Riding Hood?
Yes.
Well, I turn away all door-to-door salespeople.
Huh?
Is that so?
Have you already memorized your lines?
What's wrong, Chizuru-kun?
Ah, I need to go get ready for the play!
Huh? That happened to you?
Okay, thanks.
Let's hurry to Masaki-chan's play!
I'm Snow White.
You're one to talk.
What? Masaki-chan!
He does know! 100!
He knows!
Chizuru-kun?
Through our days, so let's look for them together
The small puddles and the things you worry about today
I'm not afraid of problems
The wonderful things present in ordinary days
Even if a single tear falls like a drop of water
Always seems to shine out next to me
Please gimme your voice! The fact that
A homestay?
That's amazing.
Is that the thing where you stay in a foreigner's house?
What else?
Apparently, there's a girl about my age in the family.
Thank you for taking care of me.
Um...
You can come right in.
It's so foreign.
Poppy, go back to your house.
I hope you like it.
Aren't you going to eat that dessert?
Here.
She said foreigners would like it.
I'm sorry I couldn't help.
This smells like Japan.
What is Japan like?
It feels like we've been placed on the edge of the world all by ourselves.
Thank you for letting me stay in your home.
I will.
Hello.
Hello, hello!
See you later.
Good morning.
You're finally here.
Shino, you're late.
Good morning.
But she looks just like this doll.
What a fun name.
Yeah.
It's good to see you again.
My name is Alice Cartelet.
What?
I thought you were serious.
"Boar" and "bear" make "Inokuma"!
Scary...
I'm a little shocked.
Jump!
I'm not afraid of problems
Let's go!! Let's go!! We can do it!technically in japanese this ends with a "right?" and not an exclamation but ending it like that in english implies some degree of uncertainty, whereas in Japanese it is an affirmationemphasis, not uncertain at all
Please gimme your voice! The fact that
I love Japan.
Good morning.
You're so shy.
Aya-chan, you forgot to put tights on!
Good morning.
Oh, right.
I'm 155 cm tall, so...
Well, in that case...
Yes...
No!
Will your chest be small because you're short?
There's a perfect example right here.
Karasu?
I feel so nervous having a native speaker in the class.
How's my English?
Your English is the best in Japan, Sensei.
Proper English is something else, isn't it?
Sensei was so happy.
Shino, do you have your textbook?
I know.
I'm kind of worried.
What?
Alice!
Shino's interest in foreigners has crossed into the realm of obsessive lately.
Shino, do you like Europe?
What colour?
It might actually look good on you, though.
Shino, I'm sorry.
Thank you.
I think blonde hair would really go with that outfit, so I...
Okay.
Are you done?
I'm behind you all the way!
Please don't continue before I've finished translating!
You're erasing something...
I wonder if she's worried about her future.
Sensei, my journal...
R-Rabbits?
It's gotta be rabbits!
Yes.
Am I wrong?
What do I think of you?
More than rabbits or hamsters?
That's great.
What is?
Is that really enough of a reason?
I've missed you too, Alice.
C'mon, read the mood here!
Very impressive, Alice-san.
Look at this.
It's even got a flag.
See you next time.
The bright morning sun shines on the beginning of a new day
With sleepy looks on our faces, we say "Good morning" to each other
The small puddles and the things you worry about today
The wonderful things present in ordinary days
And having big dreams
The nameless flower blooming by the path is something amazing
A Christmas party?
Good morning.
It sounds convincing coming from you, since you're always healthy.
Lots of people in Japan seem to think it's a holiday for couples.
Er...
You should be more festive!
So do you!technically accurate but it seems like it might be more natural to say "just like you are!" or "so do you!"-mogu
Yes, very much so.
A Japanese Christmas is a day to spend with Shino!
It could only be...
...love, of course.
In England, they say love falls with the snow.
It's like a wonderland.
Huh?
I'm having a party with my family after this.
Alice.
What's wrong?
But she just responded to Japanese.
The breeze brings the spring to my hometown in the Cotswolds.
Even though Alice loves Japan,
Perhaps I've completely blended into the life here in Japan.
Yes.
I don't understand any of it.
Alice, do you not like me anymore?
So do I.
It's a habit.
Alice...
Good morning, Shino.
Hooray!
Hey, Onee-sama... I achieved a perfect score on my most recent test.
Ooh Yeah!
With sleepy looks on our faces, we say "Good morning" to each other
Those eyes you have squeezed shut
Even if a single tear falls like a drop of water
Always seems to shine out next to me
You're not shining!
When I think we might be split up...
Hey, you don't look well.
Youko, we came to play.
Shino, Shino, Shino!
This is how we always are.
but you've got two friends in your class, Aya.
Well, I've got Alice.
That's not fair!
I'm your homeroom teacher again!
You're right.
Remember our first year?
Class A's homeroom teacher is wonderful, too.
Well, you came all the way across the ocean.
Yeah, you're right.
Good morning.
Don't be so misleading!
I think that might actually be harder.
Stop, thoughts!
Knowing you, I bet it was about a prince on a white horse.
A donkey?
It's true.
If I don't come up with a story,
Really?
What is your treasure, Alice?
What is your treasure?
Don't cry during your own story.
We are the pirates who rule the seven seas.
You can call me Shino.
Shino, Shino, Shino!
But first, may I write a letter to my friend?
It's all right.
You're wrong.
Very well.
What?
Please let me through.
Youko and the others might already be waiting for us.
Until we recognised
England!
I speak a little.
Welcome, Shinobu.
I feel so English!
Here's the bathroom.
A blonde girl!
Alice!
Japanese girls are so scary!
No, I'd be the big sister.
Here.
Alice!
I got you a souvenir from Japan.
Sorry I couldn't get it to work. Sorry it turned out to be so useless, etc.
Shinobu, do you like baking?
Let's play Hanafuda!
What about Hyakunin Isshu? Hundred Poems?
I heard you don't take very many baths here.
"Japan"... oh, Nihon.
It's morning over there right now.
Over here, it's all dark,
Konnichiwa!
A letter?
Yeah, it's from Alice!
Like the one from Wonderland?
Here, let me see.
Save this for later! or, get a room, you twoI like it, but only enough to say so
Oh, I'm staying at Shinobu's...
By the way, your Japanese is excellent.
Sitting like this is painful, and the kimono was really heavy and stifling...
Alice, welcome to Japan!
Morning, Shinobu.
That could totally work!
Isami, good morning.
Just like these!
Good morning, Shinobu-chan.
I still get nervous when I talk to adults.
What?
If I remember correctly...
Huh? I did.
I'm 155 centimeters tall...
But I've only grown three centimeters since I graduated elementary school...
I'm sorry they're so small! am I hearing this rightthink so
What do you think of my English?
Your English is the best in Japan!
Please read from the top of page 47.
Wow, aren't you two good friends?
Shino, do you like Europe?
Europe?
Blonde!
Well, it's not really "blonde". More like blonde-ish brown.
But it might end up looking good!
But if I dyed it blonde, I could overcome my Japaneseness and become a mosaic! I, like Alice, have no idea what she's talking about
Let's calm down.
She's right!
You mean it?
Thank you.
What's wrong, Alice? Did you have a nightmare?
Sensei, can I ask a question?
I just woke up one day and was one.
but I want to be a person who can be useful to others.
As if.
It... um, I...
...for England?
She's homesick?!
Sensei, here's the log.
I knew it! Bunny is the way to go!
That passage is too difficult for Alice!
More precious than a bunny or a hamster?
I'm returning your quizzes!
You got a hundred. I think I'd actually say "you got an a hundred"
You look kinda down.
I started to miss it.
Is that true, Alice?
Bark, bark!
She's my friend from England.
I saw a blonde-haired girl around here the other day.
It's a long story.
Papa, what's Japan like?
Blonde hair...
Correct!
That's not true.
Karen, did you grow up in England?
I want to be as fluent as Alice!
there are a lot of people with names that make sense both in Japan and abroad.
You write it like the "lovely" in "lovely flower".
What's gotten into you, Alice?
Thanks.
See you tomorrow!
Karen!
Yeah!
I know!
Ah, but it's not like I don't want you to...
After that,
I still remember her standing there like an abandoned puppy.
That's not true! Don't talk nonsense!
What are you doing, Karen?
I see.
Karen, that parka is so cute!
Um, so it's basically a fan club?
Everyone!
I love you too, Alice!
Really?
At least your reactions are honest.
Geez! Stop talking!
And like a dresser!
S-See you next time.
What's gotten into you?
What's going on?
happy birthday.
But I can totally see someone say that she acts like she's thirty. ibaku? what's that word?
It's true that I haven't a shred of youth in me.
Yeah.
No!
Sorry. It's just that you don't have a shred of youth in you.
I forgot myself.
It was pretty mean of her to suggest a bonsai.
By the way, what does did she mean by "not a shred of youth"?
Alice, you're bursting with it!
There we go.
To really get a sense of your abilities, you need to strip down to a swimsuit though.
Shino!
I'm scared!
A bonsai?
If you gave Shino a computer...
I wonder if Shino will like our presents.
We often get mistaken for sisters in Japan.
No, you're the younger one, Alice.
Younger!
If you asked someone, they'd probably say that Alice was the younger one.
I agree.
I like you the most!
I was just offering to let you stand on my shoulders.
Piggyback?
It's so beautiful!
I got you stamps from abroad.
Alice, are you still bothered by what happened this morning?
What?
Such beautiful blonde hair...
She's so close!
I know! I'll write down a reminder!
You worry too much.
Praise the day! Woohoo!???????????????hare da?
A love letter?
Like... let's see...
Oh, you're right.
When we were playing baseball in gym recently,
So?
You dropped your pencil. what's a sharp pen?mechanical pencil
Aren't you jumping the gun a bit?
Hurry up and look already!
She wants it translated to English.
Yeah!
Don't act so indignant.
I wonder why.
I prefer being with you.
Ah! Sorry! I thought...
It happens to everyone once or twice.
That's because we've known each other so long.
I had kiwi yogurt too!
You're like a lost little kid.
That's the one!
We're being followed!
And that's how we ended up like this.
How do you even manage to do this baddy?
please eat this with everyone else today.
Seriously!
Here, you use this formula...
Here is one of my most treasured possessions,
Um, it's good...
It needs more seasoning.
It's just a call from my friend.
Who should I take a picture of...
Huh?
I see!
Time to show off what I've been practicing in front of my mirror every day!
Yeah.
Like this!
Thank you!
You always stand back with a smile,
Shino, what's the mountain of paper you got there? I think literal is fine for this
Others may see them as mere slips of paper,
What are you drawing?
I really want to know!
Here we have the revised edition.
Do you understand, class?
As you can see, half of Youko is made up of kindness! or whatever you usedhoho, spot on
but it's five percent at most, okay?
I can certainly feel the kindness in Youko-chan.chan
Youko's very big-sister-ish!
I'm an only child too.
What is it, little sister?
Shino's changed.
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
Are we talking about the same Shino here?
You call Isami "Isa-nee", don't you?
You're very cute.
Have I?
Um... kitties!
Shino.
Get a room!
Beach!
That's way too literal a "middle"!
I'm only about average, okay?
Oh, that?
I'm a forest fairy.
What did you say?
Fine, just don't pass out.
Rich girl...
When you eat hot foods like oden,
Back in England, some people were steaming after seeing how good I was. or something like "I made them say 'uncle'", because the joke is that she uses some weird phrase
I have to show Shino how great I am!
I can't lose to Karen.
Karen, you're so cool!
My mom!
Yeah.
I knew I should've brought my swimsuit.
Alright!
Take a look at this.
Blue hair looks quite nice.
Float? Like a root beer float? ugh
That's only at the Aomori Festival.
Alice!
Hold this.
Did you get separated from your Onii-san? I think it's fine?ehh, only because of that time in class. If you good little leechers are reading this, don't blame us for the show's doings
She's right.
Well...
She's already eating!
I want this!
I think you should take a look at yourself first.
You against me!
Bring it on!
How does the dance go?
One, two, and three!
All that's left are the fireworks!
When are the fireworks gonna be?
Aw, so there won't be any?
We don't have any of the really big ones, though.
Why didn't you say anything?
"Tick."
I know I'm tone deaf!
I liked your singing, Aya.
Oh, really? Thanks!
Oh bright shining moon.
I'll do it.
I'll do the percussion.
Blonde!
Karasuma-sensei,
I see!
No one will notice.
Alright, assemble!
We're not in a judo match! eh, somethng like that
Sh-Shino...
I... I...
Oh, okay.
Fluffy?
Repeat after me!
Fluffy-fluffy!
Lemme have some of your food! ignoring the issue!
Ah!
Ah. Aaah.
So you know how people give pieces of fruit and candy to those statues? if there was a better way, like "guardian statues" or something, use it
Start by moving your body in place when you remember to. that didn't follow
Sensei, your butt sure is big, though.
Let's see...
Girls are better when they're a little on the chubby side.
Onee-chan said so.
Then it's the clothes.
Alice, you got me all worried for nothing!
Of course.
Good morning, Alice-chan.
The character for "rice" is on the rice!
Autumn's here.
Huh, what's wrong?
I've never seen her like that!
Que sera, sera. this is not from an actual language, by the way
Oh?
All the vocabulary I memorized is gone!
Maybe if I stare hard enough, I'll be able to see your answers through your back! I thought it was more like telepathy, but it's up to you
Go, me! meian
I can't let myself be distracted.
Same to you!
As long as you remember all that stuff you studied,
I'll give you chocolate if you study here.
By the way, Alice,
A maid caf!
Why don't we combine the two?
You should still look forward to it!
I'll get you front-row seats!
A one-liner...
Totem pole!
U-Um, Sensei...
Sounds good.
Inokuma-san!
No matter how much you cut it, Kintarou's face is still there.
Everything in Japan looks just like you!
Got it!
Rice flour.shiratamako
do you remember what day it is tomorrow?
Um...
Hey, Shino...
Alice!
Maybe it'll knock the memory back into me!
What?
What about a day to celebrate you winning an Academy Award?
I put wasabi in one of them.
Wh-What did you say?
Welcome!
The atmosphere here's a lot different from our school's.
Huh?
Isami!
No, you were meant for those clothes!
Oh yeah, Isami!
What do you think, Alice?
Oh yeah!
Alice,
Let's throw it away together! asdasdgrevrjuornvoit fits
Shino!
I've always wanted to return the favor.
Sorry we kept you waiting!
Finally. Took you long enough
It's sure gotten cold.
Maybe I should get a new scarf.
I'm pretty sure it was around here...
Finally made it!
That's where she keeps her underwear.
How should I season it?
Which would you like?
I remember now!
I made breakfast.
I knew it! People who are used to English have a harder time!
Japanese school uniforms are super cute!
I'm talking about gakurans! I can't even call them "male uniforms" because Karen doesn't seem to recognize that fact
It reminded me of when you came to my house!
Huh? Ayaya?
I've looked up to you ever since we met!
I thought that we should start with making you look like me.
How can you have an accent and be fluent at the same time? this would be easier if somehow we kept the stuttering meaning of katakoto...shot ourselves in the foot...
Next up is using what you learned in class! heh, the "in class" is ambiguous
Komichi-san.
Calm down!
Master,
It's just your imagination.
Well, you see...
Sorry for what I did this morning!
Then let's buy matching notebooks to make up.
Seriously, Youko.
If it were Karen...
Heidi?
Okay!
Also, quiet in the library.
Look closer!
Oh god, they're leaving...
You're turning yourself in? opportunity to lead off the previous edit
That handkerchief's really cute.
Huh?
Ooh Yeah!
Ah, Karasuma-sensei!
Sensei!
See? When you think of it like this, it's easy to understand.
Huh?
You want one now?
You're the only one who calls me that, Karen.
It sounds a lot like "curry".
There was something on your skirt. is that "nani" at the end?no
And the worst luck for today goes to...
Maybe if I stay really close to someone with good luck...
A-Are you okay?
Yes, we're fine!
Don't tell me my bad luck rubbed off on Shino!
Good mor
As a teacher, I can't let this be...
Baseball?
Sure, but I don't know the rules.
There're some marks on it, but it'll have to do.
Those marks are an autograph!
The manager girl, right?
It's the side you put your bowl on!
Can we stop by the bookstore on the way home? what's the first word?kaeri ni
I think these clothes would look good on you, Youko.
Ah, this frilly one would really suit you!
You're like a charm that wards away evil!
That's right.
Me too.
Who's that?
Go wash your face!
So that's who she was.
That's so cheap!
You're such a swindler! ...
I found a cat!
I'll get her right
What?
So we're not related by blood?
She could've just gone in those clothes.
I wish I had a cute little sister like you.
Are you two shopping too?
Sounds good.
Sure is.
Make sure you study for the quiz tomorrow!
Oh, I forgot!
There's a totem pole...
Fly away, ball...
Youko's wearing clothes! Clothes!
Don't say that like I normally don't!
Speaking from experience, the more exposed you are to cold, the more resistant you get.
Once you do that, you won't get sick, even in winter! ugh
Seeing how you're always so healthy, you must be right!
Christmas in England is a lot like New Year's in Japan.
You mean yourself!
I get the feeling it'll be something crazy.
Hey, English girl!
That's way more romantic than something like getting a bigger allowance! okodzukai appu?
Maybe I need to wear more than a tracksuit.
Puns are hard.
"This flower is Karen."
There's still some time before Christmas Day.
Celebrating Christmas with your family is the English way.
Thank you for the wonderful song.
You've been showing up in my dreams a lot lately.
Even your clothes.
...my dream came true?!
Ah, she's just playing with us.
Alice, how many mochi would you like in your soup?
Two.
I really don't feel like that's it.
It was always the best part of Sunday roast,
Perhaps I've completely blended in to the life here in Japan.
True.
I really don't get where you're going with this...
And then,
By the way, Alice,
Alice, you're amazing.
That's great.
Ayaya, you always say "Youko, Youko", don't you?
Huh?
Good morning, Dad.
Dad disappeared three years ago.
Right, Grandpa?
That's cruel!
Alice, good morning.
What color is love?
How do you figure?!
One, two!
What happened?
Even national borders can't separate us!
Good timing.
You two are being even more carefree than usual.
We're always like this.
Right?
but is it really true?
What if they split up the classes based on hair straightness? there has to be a yuri thing in this somewherebut Aya and Alice aren't together...
Huh?
We kinda forgot since you were always in our classroom.
We're just one classroom apart!
I can overcome the wall that separates us today!
The main character in this manga is so cool!
Good marning!
Morning.
I thought I'd learn a lot from them.
My shoulders are already getting stiff.
Why don't we write a story we can read together?
But I've never thought up a story before.
The old woman headed to the river to wash her clothes.
Oh!
It's the truth.
What is your treasure, Alice?
Hand over your treasure!
A world never seen before...
As long as I'm with you...
What's this?
Please, just look this way...
Karen!
The deep sea witch!
Sure.
Alice...
Please...
Hey, Shino.
Were the two princesses separated forever?
They'll always be friends.
Thank you for taking care of me.
Shinobu.
Wait!
Alice!
Thank you for this. It's very warm.
Could you come with me?
Hello.
I'll take you to the airport tomorrow.
Oh, Hanafuda. But I don't know the rules.
Wow! I've never seen anything like this before.
People over here don't fill their baths very deep, right?
Shinobu, I feel dizzy.
Japan.
You'd better not let Shino down.
Thanks for waiting.
Alice, your Japanese...
I've been studying.
I transferred here from England.
our school right after we entered high school.
Huh? It was just a joke. Come on, laugh.
That hairpin is cute.
Where are you going to live while you're in Japan?
I'm a little shocked.
I've studied Japan a lot.
You're so shy.
I'm scared.
What?!
We're in the same class, aren't we?
Yoko...
What?
Karasuma-sensei. Our homeroom teacher.
She's kind, beautiful, fluent in English, mature, wears tracksuits...
Why, thank you.
That was amazing when you raised your hand, Alice.
All their faces layer together...
This character was applied as a phonetic symbol.
Whoosh
Only? What do you mean, only?!
Shino, are those your clothes?
Wrong. The correct answer is: A foreigner!
There's a foreign couple over there.
Europe? I like England and France...
I'm getting all mixed up. I'll try to draw it.
You're starting there?!
I'm thinking of dyeing my hair when I graduate.
I don't know if blonde would work...
No blonde hair!
Just think about what kind of person you want to become.
but I'd like to become someone who helps others.
Japan is such a suitable place for living,
and everyone is just so kind.
No, she's looking in the direction of...
She's so small, but she's living in a foreign country all by herself.
We have to protect her.
I'll get it!
"The beginning... of spring..."
That was amazing when you raised your hand, Alice.
That's too difficult for Alice!
What? Not rabbit?
Disappointment
But you're a very important friend to me.
But since you came to see me, my wish came true.
It's probably her dog's name.
Can I see your album?
Is this your mother, Alice?
Yes.
She's so pretty.
My friend from England.
That makes me a little sad.
Thank you for showing us your photos.
Well, she wasn't very tall.
Karen?
Alice! Alice!
Zoom, zoom!
Japan?
It's too bad Karen's in a different class.
Alice!
Karen, did you grow up in England?
Karen
Yoko, Shinobu, and... um...
P-Please stop...
please call me Shino.
and the way she talks is more foreign and more appealing.
I live that way.
Oh, I see.
Alice.
Me, too.
O-Okay.
Let's go.
It's true.
What are you talking about?
We've got to defend our honor as Japanese people.
Heian period?
Me, too!
You're making me blush.
I feel a little better now.
I came here from England,
That's good.
You really were an innocent little girl back then.
What's wrong?
What?
I don't have anything to give you, so I'll sing you a song.
A song?
How old do I look?
She has a certain calmness about her.
A bonsai tree's pretty harsh.
I wonder if I'm young enough.
I see. I'll try speaking more casually.
Maybe you could be a model, too.
I wish I could give you something more substantial.
A snow globe.
I bought it because I thought you'd like it.
Amazing. My folder of blonde girls is full of dreams and gold!
The third from the right.
I can get it myself.
You got 100 on our last test.
We bought you a present yesterday, Shino.
I bought you foreign stamps.
You must be psychic!
Shino, do you like Karen more?
Alice is Alice, and Karen is Karen.
Forever best friends.
I like you, Shino, but I like Karen just as much.
I love, love, love you too, Shino.
Oh, my.
Can I share your textbook?
My mother's here, so I'll be fine.
What's wrong with you? Do you have a fever?
It was in my shoe locker.
The letter is addressed to Yoko.
Stare...
When we were playing baseball in P.E. the other day,
How Yoko chooses to respond isn't my business,
C-Congratulations.
But everything worked out.
Ayaya's in a good mood.
G-Good morning.
That's good.
I'm so embarrassed!
Mom!
What did you have for breakfast?
You were lost? You sure are hopeless, aren't you?
She seems like the type who'd get kidnapped.
And that's how we got to be what we are now.
Not very well...
Fo' sho'?
Hot...
Excuse the intrusion.
My name is Kujo Karen.
Onee-chan, will you show me how to do this?
I'll give you one of my most treasured possessions: a Venetian mask!
It's almost lunchtime.
Then, it must have been Alice! It was you, wasn't it?
I'm sorry! I lied!
That's not true, silly!
Let's eat.
Can't you be a bit more sensitive?!
You mean these clothes don't suit me?
I think your choice of outfit looks great on you.
What, me?
why don't we go to the park nearby?
I used to play here with my sister when we were little.
No way!
Wait a second.
I don't know...
Come on.
but you should wear your uniform properly.
Well?
Yoko, we want to ask you something.
Are you taking those to your classroom? I'll help you.
Aya, are you feeling ill?
What?!
Yoko, of course.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I-I mean, two older brothers.
I'm not in elementary school.
You're ruining my moment!
If she were stranded on an uninhabited island,
But since I'm the oldest child, I wish I had an older sister.
Yoko-chan, you're like a little sister to me.
More than a maid outfit?
Let's play the Yamanote Line game!
Um, kittens.
You're so stubborn!
I spent a weekend there.
Just stick some pads in and everything will be okay.
Oh, fine. We'll go to the mountains, then.
Water bottle, rain gear, bug spray.
Is it some kind of cosplay?
I don't want to see a fairy in so much pain.
Hi! Get in, everyone!
She must be rich.
It's summer vacation.
We're not going to Mount Fuji, but we're still going climbing.
I see. You're cooling down the air.
Hey, not that way.
We can do some stream fishing here!
This one's a whopper!
It's fine, really! I appreciate the thought!
Let's dive from there!
Here I go!
Shino told me that the fish I cooked for her tasted good.
Alice! Karen!
But as soon as you get full, you'll find something
The takoyaki's really good.
I lost.
What?
They do whatever they please.
Yeah!
There isn't a fireworks display.
Where have you been?
I didn't want to put a damper on our festival experience.
I know!
It was a ton of fun.
You do have skyrockets!
Only the sound of the clock echoed through the room.
There's nothing wrong
Always seems to shine out next to me
Is a small bit of happiness
Is that what you meant, Alice?
You're all here in Japan with me,
That's the first time anyone's said that to me.
That's right.
If you ever meet her, I'm sure you two will become friends, Shino.
From when you were a baby!
It's a rainbow!
Maybe you just started noticing them more since Alice arrived.
Karen, what brings you to Japan?
Japanese very hard!
In kanji, my name is written as "lovely flower."
Your name means you will grow up to be small and cute like a squirrel.
Ayaya!
But you have many strengths of your own, Alice.
That's not going to make her feel any better, Shino.
Promise?
Karen!
Huh?
Bye-bye!
Of course, I love you too!
My...
You went to a ramen shop by yourself?
Really? Thanks.
Is something special happening?
Yes. Around this time every year,
Karasuma-sensei, you're making us feel kinda sad.
No, I can't run any faster than this.
What? But you don't look even the least bit tired.
I could keep running for two or three hours.
L-Leave me... and... go on... ahead...
I know.
Let's see... What was it?
Fi... fi...
Sensei?
How far do you run?
Girls should be a little chubby.
What? You're fine the way you are.
Is this scale broken?
Restraint embodies the Japanese spirit. You should learn from the Japanese.
I'll make you a packed lunch tomorrow.
I-I'll do my best for you, Shino! Leave it to me!
Wait just three more minutes.
You're supposed to answer questions!
It appears the time for me to teach you my motto has finally arrived.
It's "Que sera sera, whatever will be, will be."
Your "whatever" isn't "being" very well.
Don't go to sleep.
G'mo'ning!
Huh?
That's why I decided to look inside your mind for the answers!
Don't pay attention to her. I need to focus.
I have no idea.
I should be saying that!
I love the feeling of freedom you experience after tests.
We have more tomorrow.
Our class is going to run a caf.
What are you even fighting for?
How about we do this?
My class is putting on a play.
Probably the hardware store in Kitaguchi.
She's even buying soy sauce.
Forget it!
It's okay. I should be apologizing to you.
What?
I had no idea it was my anniversary.
So, anyway...
Um...
That's even more far-fetched!
You're so cute.
W-Welcome, M-M-M
I'm here.
You're acting way too suspicious.
Isa-nee!
Ta-da.
No, you look cute.
What a clich.
I wonder what role Karen is playing.
Thank you.
Oh, I forgot.
I need to give her that gift.
Shi...
I keep feeling like I can hear whispers of "death, death..."
What? That's terrifying!
I didn't move fast enough, and now the school festival's over.
Shino, pull yourself together!
Thanks for waiting.
Is this a display ribbon?
and won't be back until tomorrow afternoon.
You don't need any of these things.
What? Just a hunch...
I'll do it!
Angry
Oh, I do have scented bath powder, though.
"See shells she sells by the she sore..."
I wish someone would teach me the trick to saying tongue twisters!
It reminded me of when you came to stay with us.
The weather is beautiful again today.
I know. I have a good idea.
O-Okay, then.
You will call me Demon Coach Karen.
Ayaya, why do you want to be like me?
I think you're best just as you are.
What's wrong?
Actually, I said some pretty awful things to her...
I can never be honest with her.
If I were you, I'd make up with her.
Maybe I'll buy a new notebook, too.
I'm not mad about that at all.
How about this one?
Oh, no!
Let's play hide and seek!
when I was the only one who wasn't found,
Karen, that's the wrong game.
Let's find Alice and Shino next.
I don't know about Alice, but Shino's good at this game.
it made me wonder if she was a ninja in a past life.
With wings growing out of its face...
This is...
Alice-san!
I'm sorry. I jumped to conclusions.
To make up for it, I'll hide with you!
We haven't looked in here yet.
Alice-san, keep quiet.
R-Run...
That's not what I meant!
See you next time.
Good morning. Don't run in the hallway.
Blush
Why?
It'd be nice if you had a nickname that was easier to say.
Omiya-san. Omiya-san.
I wish you wouldn't get overly friendly with Shino, though.
Next up is the morning horoscope.
Today's unluckiest sign is...
We're going now.
Y-You shouldn't pull such shocking pranks!
Let's play grasslot baseball!
I'm one of those female managers, huh?
Like those people on the field who dress up in costumes?
Go! Go, Alice!
Tea Ceremony
You think so?
I'm going to go look over there.
What? It doesn't?
Who?
Oh, Shino.
Play nicely with it, okay?
I forgot to ask her the most important question.
This is Inokuma.
What?
I wish I had a cute little sister like you.
Oh, it's Yoko and Aya.
Yes.
Would you like to go somewhere together next weekend?
...Mitsuki's...
A Spectacle of Love and Tears
I thought we could have it at my place.
Don't, Alice! Yoko's just an idiot!
That's you!
Yes, very much so. I love spending it with everyone.
I have a feeling it's something way out there.
It could only be...
Sensei, are you spending Christmas with your boyfriend?
This area is famous for its Christmas decorations.
Karen's dressed up like Santa, too.
I already saw that.
They actually asked me if I could come home for Christmas.
Crystal water streams through the small rivers
It doesn't seem like it.
Karen, you can understand Alice, can't you?
Perhaps I've completely blended into the life here in Japan.
This is your fault, Shino.
I understand! I will do my best to translate!
What's with this narration?
It was such a terrible omen to start the new year with...
I understand the situation now.
No matter how Japanese you become...
Can't you speak normally by now?
We've still got a long way to go, though.
Karen, don't run.
Your father disappeared three years ago.
That makes me Shino's little sister, right?
My uniform I sent out for cleaning is sparkling.
You're 30 more flippant than usual!
but you've got two friends in your class, Aya.
the new school year is finally beginning.
You mean since it's straight?
Karasuma-sensei is your homeroom teacher, isn't she?
Class A's homeroom teacher is wonderful, too.
What happened to you?!
Karen, save that for later!
You got obsessed quick!
Oh, I know.
I see. That might work.
You can make me the hero!
Let's go for a walk.
What is your treasure?
Alice.
If you want treasure, I'm sure you could find plenty somewhere else...
That is no fun.
Why does it feel like she's speaking right to my soul?
It's all right. Hold on tight.
and peace prevailed throughout the world.
Shino, were the two princesses separated forever?
someone's house overseas, right?
But wait, you can't speak English!
That's Jinglish!
I'll pray for your safe return every day.
You can leave your shoes on.
Here's the living room,
Let me know if you have any dirty laundry.
Thank you!
A blonde!
Alice!
How do you like it, Shinobu?
Did she apologize?
No, it wasn't Alice's fault.
Thank you for the sweatshirt.
Yes, it's very warm!LOL
Mix it well!
Arigato!LOLOL
Aya-chan would be excited to hear this.
Hello!
Bye!Bye! etc would work
Finally.
Uh...
When is she coming?
Do you know a girl named Shinobu?
She was wearing our uniform.because uniforms all look different
Forget that,
Shinobu!alternate
My name is Alice Cartelet.
I just transferred from England.
Nice to meet you!
I can't believe we got an
The kanji for boar and bear! "Inokuma"!the kanji, that is
I got this from Shinobu when she came over.
I-I came here thinking that I couldfscx200-
But my, your Japanese is excellent!and what a kawaii mother
I got some red bean paste pancakesred bean paste sandwiched in pancakes at the airport.
We can just keep going like this
Signals the start of a brand new day
In our everyday lives
You should open them now Yeah!
Woah, seriously?
Huh?!
No way!
Those aren't related at all!
There's a perfect example right here.
Alice-san?
I'm honored!
Another one of your lies?
I did!
Yes!
Europe... England...
Blonde!
Yes, to match your hair!
Nobody could look more adorable in that dress than you!
Sensei, eyes over here!
Pass that here for a sec.
I want to be an idol and perform at the ?Budokan!a very big concert hall thing.
How's that?
Oh.
Let's hear you translate Alice's English.
Be my wife.
Jerk!
Ow!
We'll go with you!
I thought so!
All right, it's good.
Oh, there she is!
Please be honest with me!
Oh yeah,
That's all that motivated you?!
but you came here instead!
Time to return your quizzes!
Good job, Alice-san!
See you next time!
You're feeling homesick?ugh fuck now I HAVE to use another word up there
She's so pretty!
Who's this?
I feel a little lonely...
Her dad's Japanese, and he's the one who taught me Japanese.double Japanese annoying
She was wearing a hoodie with the Union Jack on it
It's Alice's friend we saw in her photos!
And that's the story!
That's a uniform!no shit
Alice!
What about me, Shino?
One charactertwo letters, alternatively too many.
It's Aya.JAPAN YOU ARE KILLING ME
Of course she can!
What?!
All right, see ya!
See you tomorrow.
See ya tomorrow!
Oh my God!
If you were an animal...
Shino!
I'm Omiya Shinobu.
You don't know me, do you?
I...
I love how everyone is really nice,
Y-Yeah?
Isn't that against the school rules?
Huh?
What's that?
Oh, you are?
So... it's a fan club?
I do!
I'm going to do my best too!
Huh?
See you tomorrow!
Hey, do you think I would've made lots of friends
You smell nice too, Shino!
You smell like a cabinet, too!"Cabinet" might be betterAraragi: like grandma's mothballs...
I don't! I don't, do I?!
S-See you.
blur1.4Even if we dream
Hey!
It's going to become a bad habit!
Morning.
What's up with her?
Here, you can have my drink.
How old do I look?
Why are you so mean to me, Sis?
My bad.
You just have such an old soul.You just seem to lack youthfulness.
But bonsaibonsais? are really expensive!
She acts old!
like a high school girl would!JK dess
Don't a lot of models do that?
But...
It was only 100 yen.
Thank you, Isami!
R-Really?
Big sister!
Need help, Aya?
How many times do I have to tell you that I'd be the older sister?
S-Sorry...
We got the same questions wrong, Shino!
It's so pretty!
You must be psychic!
I'm sorry!
I was just so excited!
Alice?
Shino...
We're all different...
I love you too!
Give me a break!
Mom will be here.
You shouldn't make the others wait.
She went to the doctor, didn't she?
You're hot stuff!
Way to spice things up!same here
What else would you write in a letter?
P-Plenty of things.
Like, uh...
Misfortunate things.
All we have to do is check inside.
so you shouldn't read it.
Thank you.
What do you mean?
So what?
You dropped your mechanical pencil.
I thought I was pretty close!
Komichi-san.
Just open it up already!
"Hello, this is Shinobu."
"How is England?"
It's boring without her!
She managed to keep us on our toes even when she was absent.
Ayaya seems happy.
See you next time!
blur1.4Until we realized
blur1.4This tiny happiness will rest in huge love
Even if we fail, with you here
Thank you.
Birthday, you.
Birthday, you, Shino.
You're really young.
You don't even look like a high school student.
But my sister takes after my mother, and I take after my father.
Damn?
Huh?
You're scaring me!
Isami, thank you.
Huh?
I wonder if Shino will like it.
We don't look the same age at all.
What are you talking about?
But you used to follow me around, crying your eyes out!
The third from the right.
I keep telling you, I'm the older sister.
Karen, you have all the answers right.
So we did.
I bought you foreign stamps.
What?
What?
I don't mind being the little sister.
Alice, I love you, too.
What?
You're making me blush.
I'll read it by myself later.
I'd imagine you'd be more popular with girls than boys.
What?
There might be something important written in there,
Huh?
"Please translate all this into English."
I thought it might seem like a love letter if I put it in her shoe locker.
Yeah, we've been friends for a while.
You're like my big sister, Yoko-chan!
although that sounded like we were talking about Isa-nee.
"Bru"?
You solve this part...
Don't keep reminding me of it!
Oh, me too!
Is this your first time meeting Isa-nee?
could I please have your autograph?
How?!
Sis.
Could you help me with this?
Sure, but it'll cost ya.
Like, something you treasure.
Aya, was that your stomach?
Right?!
I'm sorry! I lied!
It was my stomach that growled!
Thanks for the meal!do whatever with this plsrubba dub dub, time for some grub
What a cool camera.
I should've asked!
Not the police!
Could you take some modelesque photos of me too?apparently it's not a real word...
What's with you all of a sudden?
Could you act more naturally?
It would be great if you could show them to your cameraman.
Please wear this one next!
Yes!
Just so you know,
I couldn't live without you!
Let's make a graph and find out!
like this!
Hey, what are you drawing?!
and here's Shino's version.
Stop!
Yoko is 50 kindness!I'm beginning to think "sweetness" is less generic
Don't get the wrong idea!TSUNDERE DESS
I don't remember becoming your mom.
Oh yeah, didn't you accidentally call Yoko "Sis" the other day?
I'm not in elementary school anymore!
After getting into high school,
she'd probably come back just fine.
It's obvious that you see Shino as your little sister, though.
Of course!
I think you look better in other clothes.
Shino!
Beach!
Mountains!
Really?
What were we even talking about?
I wanna go hiking!same heresee last EDIT
Fujiyama!
Yep!
rain gear,
Good.
Shino!
A forest girl is cuter!
You're so cute, Shino!
Fairies don't usually act so exhausted.
My sister told me that!
Okay...
Hey,
Hurry up!
The water's making it so heavy...
You look so cute, Alice!
With ice cream?its funny that you did the same thing other groups did without seeing theirs lol
Alice!
You lost, Karasu-chan?
Gotcha!
Be careful not to burn your tongue.
Now, then...
You too, Alice.
Anytime!
I have no other choice!
Why are you letting them go?lit. But you caught them!
It must be the dance!lit: its the sound of a festival! lol
What about you?
I'll watch from here.
No fireworks?
I have some.
I'll pass.
I bought you some souvenirs.
thanks for taking us to the festival!
Yeah!
Tick... Tick... Tick...
I'm going to write a haiku about our summer.
My first time hiking,I matched syllables. You'd better keep it that way.oh shit lol
my first summer festival,
and Shinobu too.Ara: I hope I didn't messed up the timing for this 
and Shinobu too.
blur1.4shining next to me with its own vivid color
You at least seemed to be having fun, belting it out like that.idk
Really?
I know!
Make the whole world smile!Yes, she said nationwideworldwide.
We looked at the beautiful sky,
looking for the spring's breath.
I write down any hard Japanese words or phrases I hear at school so I can practiceremember them later!
My gym clothes.
I was wondering why she didn't bring hers with her today."even though we have P.E. today" should technically be in here... or "wondering why I had my gym clothes but Alice didn't"
I-I can't borrow from a teacher...
The design hasn't changed,
Ow, ow, ow!
Way back there?!
Shino?
L-Leaf... me...leave me
All the athletes shout it as they run.
Yes, it's "poof poof!""fuwafuwa" being "the sound of fluffiness" and other relatable shit. japan and their onomatopoeia
You all right, Alice?
What if you get called on?
Say "ah!"
You always come late to lunch, don't you?
Karen...
I'll go first.
Huh?
of course it is...
Well, now I know that I can take food from everyone again!
What about you?
Shoot, I totally forgot about that!
So, I realized...
It's flawless!
Begin!
But I wanna go next door!
By the way, Alice,
I'm not afraid to hurt you!
Maid...
My class is going to put on a play!DEEEEEEESKAREN :DDDD
I'll get you front-row seats!Is "front row" hyphenated?
I-I know!
Everything in Japan looks just like you!
and rice flour.apparently it's for dumplings or something.
I thought I was wearing a kimono.
Fine! Forget it!
Octy!waet
It might help me remember!
but I'm happy that you remembered.
I like that!
What about "Karen's Academy Award Day"?
Welcome!
Welcome!
Hey...
I'm here!
Everyone looks so cute!
I bet you'd make a great waitress.
Shortcakes?
Same as usual?
Already?
It was delicious.
What the hell? That's creepy!alternatively "That's hella creepy!" ;D
Oh?
Alice,
Good night...
blur1.4We were able to see each other right here
Hey,
So you're gonna make dinner for yourself?
Oh, mind if we stop by the book store?
Just tell us how you feel next time!
Are you going out?
Let's go.
Her house should be just around here...
Huh?
I've been waiting!
You guys were late...
Hello!
No...
Beef and potato stew, and...Nikujaga, literally beef and potato stew. Invented when a Japanese navy cook tried to make beef stew but only had Japanese condiments.
Now, then...
did you crack the eggs?
Every male viewer's mind
Thanks for the meal!
Wow, it looks so good!
What?!
You just...
She shells shee shool on the she...incoming TL rape
Do you not see sailor suits in England very often?
and be yourself!
Says the one in that getup.
Oh, freedom!
I have an idea...
I hope to learn much from you!
This doesn't make me any more like you.
I...
Yoko?!
Yoko-chan,
I think she's been avoiding me today.
She does really well even if she doesn't know the rules.
Because...
Huh?
Oh, my.
I-I need a new notebook,
Sure.
Yeah?
So you were trying to imitate Karen?
It was an accident!Who're you calling an jerk?!
I've always wanted to do it in Japan!
Found ya, Karen.
I began to think that she was a reincarnated ninja.
that's a cute handkerchief you've got there.
I got it in England!
Where the hell'd you come from?!
I'll hide with you to make up for my mistake!
That's so cute, falling asleep while you were hiding.
Ah, hide-and-seek tomorrow, too?
See you next time.
blur1.4Even when my tear fell like a drop of water
Good morning!
Huh?
No, uh...
Here!
Okay!
I don't know!
I think Komichi-san can do it, though!
Komichi-san is very smart,
Sensei, you dropped something.
N-No! Anything but that!
Karre...
Nevermind.
Oh, thank you!
Tell me if there's something I'm doing wrong!
Am I creeping you out?
That's...
And in last place, we have...
What's wrong, Alice?
Twin blondes!
You're amazing, Shino!
Yoko can do that!
A bat, gloves,
Great job, Alice!
I wonder what she's reading.Maybe two lines? Just link this line with the previous one, if so
Whoa! That's Isa-nee!
This would look good on you.
Your horoscope doesn't look too good for this month.
It's an orange!
Alice, have you seen my glasses?
You don't have to answer her seriously!
N-No, but...
Sis...
Where am I?
Oh, Shino!
Yes, this is Shino!
I forgot to ask her about where I am.
I-It's m-me, A-A-Ay-Aya.
I wasn't really doing anything.
You're gonna make Karasu-chan cry!
Huh?
Shinobu-Oneechan will be turned into a kokeshi at the beginning and do nothing else.
I want to do something fun with everyone.
Amazing...
I wanna be just like Yoko!I guess "I want to be stronger" would work in this case, but for the sake of consistency
Gotta get more excited!
But the jolliest is definitely...
but...
I think you're already loved more than you could ever wish for.
What the heck are you talking about?!
It's so much more romantic than a raise in my allowance...
Yes!
Huh?
Let's see...
They're not that complicated!lol liberal :DDDDD
Hey, guys.
Isa-nee!
Alice...
I might, too!
What is... this?
It's a rock I found in England!
Th-Thanks...
Yes!
Yeah.
A bad dream?
You should be proud!
I had a dream on New Year's Day too!
Alice got amnesia
Alice was really gloomy even though it was her first New Year's in Japan.
You're just messing with us, right?
This is a test!
This is a test of wills!
I-I have no idea what you're talking about.
A challenge?
All right!
That's the spirit!
ever since I came to Japan.
you're way too freakin' Japanese for my tastes.
Why would you do that?
I understand.
It may be too late for this,
it's a new school year!
Morning...
Seriously?!
Yay!
The color of your heart.
We all have our own colors.
No, we're juniors!
I can't wait to make all kinds of new memories in our junior year!editor-san onegai uguu
She's been like this all morning.
What's wrong?
We're in the same class!
You'll just have to live with it...
Pull yourself together!
What's up, Yoko?!
Alice.
Isn't that better?
Hey!
She's still upset?!
Sparkle!
you came overseas to see me.Well, mostly over Eurasia.
Good morning, Alice-chan.
Good myorning!
The weather's great today.
One year ago, I came to Japan to see Shino.
What the hell?!
That must be hard to read.
That shouldn't be your first thought.somehow shorter idk
I've never written any stories before, though.
Fantasize about people you know!
Fantasize, huh?
There's an on-off switch on her back!
What are you talking about?!
How does it go?
I'm sure there is...
Yes, there is.
Just call me "Shino."
to my best friend...
We're in it too?
Karen?!
Yes.lol "scissors"
You gave up your hair for us!
What thefscx200-
It's time to begin homeroom.
do the two princesses ever meet again?
blur1.4time just passed by without a care in the world
Thank you very much.
This is the living room.
Sure!
Shinobu.
Come back here!
Alice!
Japanese girls are so scary!
Aren't you going to eat that dessert?
Sounds fun!
But I don't speak much Japanese...
Come here!
Um, well...
"Arigatou"?
Alice, I get it now!
Hello!
Alice!
Hello!
Konnichiwa!
Wow, Aya-chan! You can read English?
"Happy"...
Shino, your shoes!
It's been so long!
Aya...
Shinobu gave it to me when she did her homestay at my house.
Thank you for letting me stay.
I wanted to make it a surprise.
I've even worn a kimono before.
Nope!
It was all western-style.
Ooh Yeah!
Even if a single tear falls like a drop of water
Youko and Shinobu seem like sisters sometimes.
A yoghurt.
Kiwis are so cool, aren't they?
I'm looking for my sister.
You sure are hopeless, aren't you?
Oh, you brought Shinobu here?
I'll come running.
I feel like that turned into a story about Isa-nee somewhere along the way...
What?
Will you help me study?
You call that "not very well"?
so just remember what I teach you and you'll be fine.
I've seen her plenty of times in magazines.
What brings you all here today?
Thank you.
It's almost lunchtime.
Aya, did your stomach just growl?
Then, it must have been Alice!
The most important thing is to wear clothes that look good on you.
This place brings back memories.
Really?
Try to make your poses more natural.
Shinobu, will you take the picture?
Youko, I'm sure this comes a bit late,
I wear it properly at ceremonies.
You should dress properly all the time.
Youko.
Hey!
In other words, I'm not just here to make retorts?
Do you see the difference?
For me?
Aya's pie chart?
Are you sure you don't have a fever, Aya?
Do you have any siblings, Sensei?
Since we started high school,
she seems like she could live well.
She was scouted right around here.
More than a maid outfit?
They're sisters,
but they're completely different.
Hello.
I still get nervous when I talk to adults.
If I remember correctly...
Huh? I did.
Good morning!
I'm 155 centimeters tall...
She likes Karasu-chan. TL note: karasu means crow
and she speaks English so wonderfully!
Having a native speaker here makes me so nervous.
Ms. Karasuma, your English sounds a little awkward! wi'leMiss
That was amazing, Alice-san!
Why did it turn out like this?
I'm sorry...
Close to you...
Really?
Why'd she go in the first place?
She's always loved itso much that she even did that homestay.
Aya! Don't lie to her face!
But if I dyed it blonde, I might overcome my Japaneseness and need a mosaic! I, like Alice, have no idea what she's talking about
Thank you!
But mine is even prettier.
Sensei, why did you decide to become a teacher?
I haven't thought about my future at all.
Can I see that?
As if.
and I'm getting used to life here.
I'll go one word at a time next time.
Your "maiden mode" just turned on.
I want to be proposed to in a manly, straightforward way!
Alice-san, good timing.
Everything's in order.
I'm glad that you've gotten used to life here in Japan.
Oh, you're back.
But since you came to see me, that dream has already come true!
Look, contrails. there's no common word for this, is there?I like contrail
I'm returning your quizzes!
Sorry for making you worry.
Why?
Her father's Japanese, so I learned how to speak Japanese from her. If there's anyone crazy enough to look through our comments, yes, this is correct
But still,
How poetic.
Alice, Alice!
Karen, how did you come to Japan? this nande business is going to need to be TL noted...aurghtdf, I guess, I wish I could fix this
Shino, we have to go to school.
That's not true.
Um...
I'm Aya.
It's what the people close to me use.
You're only making it worse, Shino.
My house is this way!
Oh, okay. See you.
In Japan, you're supposed to just say "goodbye" and leave! behold this split infinitive and weep
Why?
Come to think of it, Aya-chan has experience transferring schools.
Y-Yeah.
Please give me advice on how to make friends with the people in my class!
Can I call you Aya-chan?
Please let me show you around the school!
You're opening old wounds...
Youko-chan dragged you around the school anyway.
What are you doing all by yourself?
I still remember her standing there like an abandoned puppy.
I ended up sleeping twelve hours! maybe eight years ago this could have been "I accidentally twelve whole hours!"
The people in your class haven't warmed up to you yet.
Fight!
A club?
I'm the president, okay?
Good luck.
Don't be afraid to talk to me!
Thank you, thank you!
Karen's always been bold and straightfoward.
You went by yourself?!
Hey! Good marning! or any of a hundred ways to do this
All of Class A's doing it!
I thought it was coming up...
You're a high school student.
What's going on here?
You see, this morning...
Happy birthday.
If I remember correctly, you turn thirty-six this year.
A bonsai tree?
It was pretty mean of her to suggest a bonsai.
It hasn't!
You speak politely to everyone.
Pfft.
It's really well made!
It's just plastic, though. it's not an actual tree, just a piece of plastic; how to say
A gallery of blonde girls?!
You've done well, Isami-san.
I like you the most!
Huh?
Oh?
Alice, are you still bothered by what happened this morning?
We are forever best friends!
Alice!
Oh?
Karen-chan!
I know! I'll write down a reminder!
I really wanted to stay home and take care of her.
Spring's in the air! Woohoo!
What's wrong? Do you have a fever?
Look at this!
So it's a love le
What does "popular" mean?
Amazing, Youko!
You haven't even looked inside.
What? But it was in my shoe locker!
Is there any other reason you'd put a letter there?
Like? summoning from past life
Burn it right this second!
Aya, you can't!
What is what?
So who was the love letter from?
How Youko answers shouldn't be any of my business,
The sun shines bright in Japan.
Did it get your heart pounding?
Sleep tight.
What did you have for breakfast yesterday?
I know! Ring this when something comes up.
That's not what that's for!
She seriously is spacy.
Though the story ended up being about Isa-nee somehow.
Aya-chan.
Sure.
Teach me too, please!
Countless girls look up to her!
Seriously!
Aya-chan, how do you do this?
Would you help me with this?
The most important thing about fashion is for your clothes to suit yourself.
It's just a call from my friend.
Hey, you two...
Try this one on next!
Well?
We had something to ask Youko!
What?
I won!
Fliers for travel abroad.
I can certainly feel the kindness in Youko-chan.chan
What is it, little sister?
Sensei, do you have any siblings?
Onii-chan?
Let's get back on track.
Shino, are you going to the staff room?
Shino's changed.
She looks like an alien the MIB captured.
Shino can do things by herself now.
You call Isami "Isa-nee", don't you?
Wow!
So they might talk to us if we stand around here!
Why do you think I'm a kokeshi?! what'd we do for this before?
Shino.
Shino!
Summer vacation starts next week!
Beach!
Beach!
Stop fighting, you two!
then what does that make me?
You look like you were having fun.
Oh, that?
We can't decide, can we?
Let's settle this!
Bring it on!
Perfect.
Sorry we're late!
I'm a forest girl.
So hot...
Rich girl...
Hey, girls!
Tastes like mom's cooking!
There are a lot of bugs.
There was a mosquito!
Aya!
Do you want to swim that badly?
We'll just have to make do with splashing around!
Yes, I have! ???sure
I found a crab!
Shino!
That's so charming. hohoemashii?
Shino, how long have you been there?
Take a look at this.
Yes!
Me neither!
Blonde hair and a yukata.
Shino, what are you going to wear?
That yukata looks good on you.
Happi coats!
Where should we start?
And chocolate bananas!
We should take a moment to figure out all the things we want to eat and do.
That's definitely gonna happen.
You finally got one, too.
Aya...
Ayaya!
She's wild as ever.
Here.
Why didn't you say anything?
Looks like you're enjoying your fireworks.
Isami!
It's over.
There's nothing wrong
With sleepy looks on our faces, we say "Good morning" to each other
Always seems to shine out next to me
Little blonde girls.
Shino.
They're so clingy!
I know! I know!
The beach!
You'd look good in a swimsuit. You're lucky.
We can't come to an agreement.
Very good.
That's not the right outfit for the mountains.
I'm a forest fairy.
I don't want to see a fairy in so much pain.
That's what my sister told me.
Hey, not that way.
I've been good at fishing ever since I was little.
It's fine, really!
Yeah.
That's what us young people should do!
There!
How's this?
Geez...
How nice.
What am I going to do?
No, I could never choose!
How about this one?
Blonde hair and a yukata.
It's a good combination.
You wear them when you're happy.
You're lying again.
Karasuma-sensei.
Fried food is good, too.
Let's start by walking around and seeing what we want to eat and do.
That happens a lot.
The takoyaki's really good.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, three hundred yen?
It stings because you let it go for so long.
Shino.
Really?
Well, it may have been because I was with you.
Douse it in water!
With the fireworks, Karen was so dangerous, me and Shinobu.
I can't sing. I can't sing. I can't sing.
I liked your singing, Aya.
It was very Aya-like!
Like, you could tell it was Aya immediately!
We'll bring happiness to the world! a world, which, by the way, contains more than just your country, Shino...
Oh, you're exaggerating!
beautiful as can be.
Blonde hair!
Blonde!
Is something happening? ...
We have gym next period.
Okay!
Gym class is a scourge upon the world.
Stop!
Ah, Aya-chan!
Alice...
Who knows the answer? this is a call-on-people thing, not a let's-see-how-many-people-get-it-so-I-can-move-on thing, right?yeah
Ah!
Ah. Aaah.
Karen-chan, here's some candy!
It's like they were feeding a cute animal or something.
Um, Alice?
What do you associate with autumn?
What about you, Ayaya?
Wow, you're really diligent, Aya. or some other word for diligent
No, don't do that.
I can be an interpreter when I grow up, right?
It's time to show them what you can really do!not much better...
I've got an idea!
Maybe if I stare hard enough, I'll be able to see your answers through your back! I thought it was more like telepathy, but it's up to you
The best thing about tests is when they're over!
Shino, you rock!
I'll give you chocolate if you study here.
Bye!
Hmm?
I'll get you front-row seats!
What is it?
Inokuma-sa
Is this your first time seeing it?
Everything in Japan looks just like you!
Hey, Aya! Let's go!
Aya, where are you going?
I sure would like a Hamburg steak today! 1. fuck Salisbury steak, I don't recognize that as a thing 2. ...this is the most annoying food trans
Shopping for the festival?
Me too!
The school festival, right?
No.
Octi!
I'm sorry too!
You see,
today is the day you began your homestay with me.
Back home, we have a party every year!
Japanese tea in teacups. asdasdasdas
Chocolate on dango.
I put wasabi in one of them.
Who could have done such a thing?
Huh?
There she is.
Ta-da!
Alice, you look so cute in those clothes.
What about me, Onee-chan?
The actress aura is back!
Our shift is almost over.
We've been doing nothing but eat.
Karen's play is going to start soon!
Me too.
Huh?
what are you holding?
Is it trash?
Let's throw it away together! asdasdgrevrjuornvoit fits
Please take it!
Are you fishing for retorts?
Every day is special now that you're here with me!
Maybe I should get a new scarf.
Could we stop by the bookstore?
Yeah!
Sorry for the wait.
How did you know?
Let's do it!
but you can't be that loose!
Boiled eggs are the ones you can crack on your head, not raw ones.
Sorry, we don't have that.
Oh, but we do have some fragrant bath powder.
I want to bathe in a cypress bath! cypress being a kind of wood
"Blonde Girls in the Bath" sounds like the name of a painting! okay, not really, but woinjfoernvk
That was great! five in a row!
Morning.
Wow! Fried eggs!
It reminded me of when you came to my house!
Yeah, freedom! isn't that our thing?
Master,
I think something went wrong.
Youko!
I'm tired out from all that pretending. awduhgrionernv...I'm tired from trying to change my personality?
Next, we play at the archery club!
Huh? Mission?
Youko!
Maybe I should buy a new notebook too.
You know...
I thought you suddenly hated me for some reason.
What? Of course not!
Oh, no!
Okay!
Karen?
Wait...
I'm here!
That handkerchief's really cute.
I can't tell her that I just want to be found already!
Sensei, you're giving me away!
B-But...
That sure was fun!
I'm happy that you're all happy!
Let's play tag next!
I don't know about that...
What's this?
Sensei, don't coddle her that much!
I can't do it!
Huh?
I kind of wish she had a nickname that was easier to say.
I want a nickname too!
Yes! Like Ayaya!
Of course I don't.
Shino!!
Shino, how can you be so positive?
Excuse us,
I borrowed equipment from Papa!
...and a ball!
Alice will be the mascot you see in the stadiums.
I'm batting?
There!
Can we stop by the bookstore on the way home? what's the first word?kaeri ni
Terribly sorry, Libras!
Shino!
Elizabeth...
What do you mean by that?
If you saw Alice in a store, how much would you pay for her?
Don't take her so seriously!
Hello, Oomiya residence.
I was going to the station!
Want to run some errands together?
I wish I had a cute little sister like you.
If I knew you were all free, I'd have invited you too.
Fly away, ball...
They're all going to grow up!
It'll be at my house.
Youko's just an idiot.
What's Christmas like in England?
It's Christ's birthday, you know.
Are you slowly turning more Japanese?
Shino, do you like Christmas?
I knew it.
Um, I think you're plenty loved as is.
You're asking for the impossible!
What, really?
I've never seen that!
"This flower is Karen."
Come, come!
You dress funny all the time.
I wonder if it'll snow.
There's still some time before Christmas Day.
But I'm sure of it.
This "spending Christmas with the person you like" thing is so old-fashioned!
Hearing the New Year's Bells in person is so moving. I think this is a time where we can TL it
Do you remember your first dream of the year?
You're looking more British than normal today.
The wind through London bridge during winter was cold.
I'm being tested!
Alice!
yet sticky taste from other dishes.
Basically, it's all your fault.
I realized that I had become more Japanese than the Japanese themselves.
it happened.
I understand how you feel now.
I might be a little late in saying this, but let's have a nice year together!
Same to you!
What? Really?
Though we've still got a long way to go.
Huh? Alice?
So that means I'm your little sister, right?
Pink!
One, two!
There's nothing wrong
We were simply passing time in vain
Don't fight, you two.
Blonde.
Alice, what are you writing?
This is why Karasu-chan's tracksuits exist!
The design hasn't changed much.
It's like you're wearing nothing but a shirt.
I have my summer shorts.
P.E. should just disappear from this world.
Don't just sit and watch.
Why do we have to run that far?
It's Alice!
Fluffy.
It's just like that.
I wonder if it feels like feeding a cute little animal.
Karen, have you put on weight since you came to Japan?
Maybe someone can give us some ideas...
But your butt's a bit on the big side, Sensei.
I'm not sure that's any better...
I'll run about ten centimetres, then.
So I can keep accepting food from everyone just like I've been doing, right?
I'll be fine.
Rice!
When you think of autumn...
What?
I thought you were like me.
Don't go to sleep.
Good morning, everyone.
Yes.
There's a blonde princess over there!
I-I'm sorry, Shino!
Youko, it doesn't look like you're studying much.
That's why I decided to look inside your mind for the answers!
Shino, that's amazing!
It feels like this...
Yes.
And the classes will be new as well.
I know.
You wanted to be with Shino.
Sorry to intrude. artgojuhsknewacI could make this "Hey there", but it somehow fits now
Alice...
Aya!
Yeah, yeah.
I didn't expect her to raise this much of a fuss.
I get why Alice is down, but Aya's in a class with you two.
Youko,
You mean how straight it is?
What if they split up the classes based on hair straightness? there has to be a yuri thing in this somewherebut Aya and Alice aren't together...
Huh?
That was fast!
Today felt so long even though it was only the opening ceremony.
Remember back to our days as first-years!
How's your new class?
I'm jealous!
Yeah!
Just like how I overcame the ocean between us,
Hey everyone! what the heck
What about that?
So you were inspired by a manga.
I'm still on the first volume.
I've been reading so much that my shoulders get tight.
You're really tensed up, Miss.
It's like some sort of code. I can't actually hear what she's sayingmarude angou no you
Now my eyelids are getting heavy!
...a cursed tome?!
Just use your imagination and you'll be fine.
That's no good, Youko.
Your story needs more fantasizing.
Fantasizing?
I don't mind.
What is your treasure, Alice?
Pirates?!
Will she disappear at sea?
Shino! Shino!
Yeah, that really fits!
Where am I?
Huh?
Everyone's waiting for us.
Yay! Yay! It will surely be all right
Those eyes you have squeezed shut
The wonderful things present in ordinary days
Like the sky
Even if a single tear falls like a drop of water
Our class is going to run a caf.
If you don't pick the Japanese caf instead, I will hate you!
Heave-ho, heave-ho, heave-ho!
I-I know.
Is it that unusual?
Hey, Aya. Let's go!
Huh?
Welcome back.
What?
I remember!
It's the day you spoke your first word!
No.
You look like an octopus.
I should be apologising to you.
Um, so...
You're right.
It's a caf of chaos.
Adults are coming in.
Oh, this is it.
There they are.
Huh?
Isami, please come see me act.
...is dead!
Shi...
A present?
Are you fishing for laughs?
Why?
"Donmai".
It's pretty, pretty fun!
Even if we fail, with you here
We were simply passing time in vain
We're having a sleepover at Aya-chan's house.
Alice, are you ready?
Let's go.
All of them.
You got it!
I feel like I'm forgetting something...
Bubbles?
There's some kind of hair spray.
I'll just borrow a little.
I bet you did that on purpose!
Have you remembered what it was?
If I'd been by myself,
Breakfast is ready.
Sensei, are you any good at tongue twisters?
You tend to dress down a lot, though...
Wearing this won't make me like you.
Komichi-san, could you answer this question?
I-I don't think I can be like you, Karen...
Aya-chan?
What?
Maybe I'll buy a new notebook, too.
Let's make up by buying matching notebooks.
Hide and what?
Let's play.
You can hide anywhere in the school.
Okay, I'll count to thirty.
Alice.
Um, I...
Alice, what's tag called in English?
With sleepy looks on our faces, we say "Good morning" to each other
Is a small bit of happiness
Filled with a lot of love
No, actually...
Try a little harder next time.
Komichi-san is smart, and she works very hard.
Hey...
And Shino said she has trouble understanding this part.
Oh, um... It's...
I-It's a secret.
Ka... Kare... Kare...
How about "Curry"?
We're sorry.
Youko can handle that.
I have a bat, gloves, and a ball.
Alice will be our on-field mascot.
Hit the ball, Alice.
You can do it, Alice.
Those were some nice swings.
But my luck is supposed to be terrible today.
This is it.
It's helped me a lot with my Japanese.
It's a foreign girl.
You're right.
I'm going to go look over there.
Your horoscope doesn't look very good this month.
Thank you.
It's an orange!
That's right.
Who?
Isami, you don't wear glasses!
Elizabeth is the name of a doll I saw in a store.
It was an expensive antique.
I'm a model.
Where should I go today?
Hello, Oomiya residence.
It's a white cat.
Y-Youko?
It's me, A-Ayayayaya.
but if you're free, would you care to come?
Huh?
We're strong because the person who made this game is our real father.
How did you get so dirty?
What is it?
What kind of quiz is it?
Oh?
Well...
Hey!
Good morning.
Aya?
Sorry, I've been a little sluggish in the mornings lately.
Even this morning...
The next, I was all ready to head out the door!
Shino...
but you still need to make sure to be on time.
I feel like you said that last year too.
What about you, Aya?
Well, I'm not surprised Shino's this excited.
Yeah, that works great!
Thank you very much!
She went all "I'm a princess!" when she put on this super flowery dress!
If you're bringing this home, I'll help out!
Oh, Karen!
I want to see too!
Please don't react too strongly when you see me turn into a princess.
I think she looks normal.
Oh yeah, is Class C's project going well?
I heard Alice was really excited about it.
You guys should come by.
What's the matter? You're being fidgety.
There's some other stuff I want to buy, so Onee-chan's going to come with me.
Then I'll go with you too.
She's gotta be planning something.
That, and she's too easy to read!too easy
Right, Aya?
Fidget fidget!
Speaking of middle school, there's something I've always wanted to know.
Well, I don't really care as long as I get in somewhere.
I've heard of it.
Here for a visit maybe? eeeeh, line could be better but the audio is so short...
N-No, we can't!
Of course you can.
Wow, I see!
Hey, look!
That's odd.
We still don't know if we'll get in.
N-Naturally.
Unlike you two, I have a steady study regimen.
Yes!
Yes, please give me the next set!
How did Suiren Girls' Academy turn out?
There are girls from lots of middle schools here.no shit! she's saying there are people from a lot of different schools
Huh? Aya?
Why are you here?
Seeing Aya-chan's face made me feel a lot less nervous. honorific 2. also you a word
You've done all you could. I'm sure it'll be fine.
We're up there!
Some here passed, but others did not.
I don't need words to know how you feel!
Why are you here?
What about Suiren Girls' Academy?
Coming here? You mean...
Sorry I didn't tell you.
But you got into your first-choice school.
One, two!
Without Aya, Shino and I would've probably ended up in a different uniform.
Shino deserves the credit for her hard work.
Now, extend your hands and close your eyes.
This is kind of embarrassing.
Okay now, I brought you something too.
Youko!
It's thanks to Ayaya's intense acting training!
All right. I'll play the princess!
No problem!
The blonde is blinding!
I'll help! I used to be in the drama club, you know.
Good afternoon!
To the new students: Congratulations on your enrollment.
Starting today, you will be students of Moegi High School...
This is the power of friendship!
I'm coming too!
Hello, Alice.
I love deer senbei.
Then the god's name was Takemikazuchi no Mikoto....
That's a compliment, you know.
Good morning.
Anu, photo.
You have to be brave today too!
It makes you want to read haiku when you visit a place like this, doesn't it?
Alice is a blonde-haired, blue-eyed princess, in Kiyomizudera.
Wait!
The contrast of red and blonde is beautifully captured.
I want a photo together.
Selfie stick?
I will secretly take a photo together between the two of them!
What is the difference between a temple and a monastery?
Would you like a photo with me, Karen-chan?
Of course, with pleasure.
I also want to.
Sorry, I like western culture too much.
Even though I only wanted to take a dip with Karen-chan when I dug a hot spring myself!
Correct!
Well, all of a sudden, I don't have the topic.
When was your first love, Karen?
Eh?!
Not!
The field trip is about to end, right?
Not compatible!
Eh? Really?
When are you going?
Mbak is angry if you are given Kyoto pebbles.
If you use it, it's like this!
What are you talking about?
 an8 Eh? Probably not changed.
You can't force yourself. You have to sleep at night.
You have to study hard for yourself too!
Bo-Yes, anyway.
I'm not happy at all.
Maybe right.
Etto, I've seen the brochure and I think it's good.
By the way, can I say something you forgot?
Ugh, what do I think?
Actually, yesterday....
These moments are too much fun, that's why I don't think about the future.
Then I decided to stop thinking about it and go to sleep.
Don't just play around, lol.
Honoka and Kana said they wanted to go to the same college.
Why even back?!
What is this kid saying?
Alice and Alice's mother do look alike, don't they?
Right, Mom?
Which rancid brat would dare shoot him?!
Even though you can't meet, your hearts are still connected.
We also often exchange stories via video calls.
Mom Alice!
Of course.
I didn't expect civilization to be this advanced!
What should I do?
Shino ....
He's so upset!
So small....
All upset because of Alice!
Similar to shoujo comics!
I don't want to express my love--
Just leave the plan to us!
Aya-chan is so excited!
More precisely, not what you said, but I guessed what was in your heart.
I also can't say because I'm afraid to be separated from you.
Wait a minute!
How do you know?!
If there is a large cardboard box in an unusual place, it will definitely attract attention.
Karen?
I'm compared to the country!
Karen!
Blonde! Blonde! Blonde!
Your kind sis made you an evening snack.
my friends, my family, and Ms.
This is for Kujou-san!
Stop it!
In the end I only used 10 thousand yen.
Did you perform any special rituals during the exam, Miss Karasuma?
Enough already.
Let's immediately draw the forecast paper.
No, they should avoid crowded places as much as possible.
I also got "very lucky."
The problem is I get bad luck when I want to take an exam.
If you dance to it, you're guaranteed to pass!
What are you looking at, Mitsuki?
Nyepelein!
If they don't pass, we won't go on vacation!
W-We have to do the graduation dance!
Before that, we should inform Alice and Shino that our exams are over.
Eh? That one there ....
We also want to do something for you.
Yoko-chan is so creamy!
I also have a lucky charm!
Aya's hair clip from middle school!
You are guaranteed to pass with Karen's strength!
Shino ....
Can.
Are you okay, Kujou-san?
Karen?
Can!
I used a wooden pencil from Alice!
Welcome back.
Right.
Alice.
Are you sure you asked me that?!
Yes, almost.
Even confess!
Are you not accepted?
Right.
That part doesn't change, huh.
Surprisingly he was acceptable.
We'll get after this.
I will submit a graduation certificate....
Can.
Yes, we have to buy the ingredients to make the scones.
You don't sleep all the time on the plane.
I brought photos from Japan.
But the contrast of blonde and black is like a mosaic in cathedrals!
I want to keep adding to it and covering the walls with memories!
From now on, let's make as many memories as possible, shall we?
Miyuki, by the time you read this letter,
Not, that I've actually seen one.
Sorry, Sorry! Hajime-chan, huh?
What's with the blue face, Hajime-chan?
Oh, because this thing is just slightly painful.
I shouldn't have gone for the stomach examination, in the first place.
When you've read this, I probably won't be in this world anymore.
I am here, for... a re-examination of the stomach.
What are you saying!? You're not any different, old man!
This, is called a fiberscope.
The things I ate, looked delicious!
he entered the opposite medical examination room, and just remained there.
Not again!
Just because you're anxious, don't say stupid things!
I'd keep eating fatty tuna, Salmon roe and sea urchin at a Sushi Bar.
I patiently endured not playing this summer, until now.
Hmm, looks like you put some though into it.
Yes, probably.
That's right! You certainly said there's cook. Hm...
I too, also usually teacher at a high school.
We're just childhood friend!
Well, then for the time being you guys should clean this room up.
What's " the blood of all hundred "?
Hmm, I don't get it!
There's just a figure partially colorless, isn't It? There color, isn't it!?
Yeah. It's just a trifling tradition.
What's, the hell with you!? I wand to help...
Stop messing around! You're just a part-time employee, aren't you!?
Don't concern yourself with us, if you know, what's good for you!
By the way!? Who are you?
It's my bad, my bad! I'm Kawashima Jukata, a student.
It's reassuring to know that, there's people here, such as Kawashima too!
Today, is August the 15th.
The glory hostel will begin commencing the annual, Midnight Test of Courage!
Well, then! Kindaichi-kun and Nanase-san,
But, Morimura-kun and Shiina-kun still aren't here.
Rumors began to start ghost willl appear between the crape myrtle
No way, I don't want to. That's like poison tasting, isn't it!?
What is going on!?
The next morning, Morimura-sans presence is nowhere to be seen!
What, I saw previously!
Because of you,
's right ... Mr. Kobayashi! What are you drawing!
Isn't it a matter of time?
Was there a boat on this lake?
Tono No, you'll
engine noise
careful of Jason
Tono Kazuto Kaneda I
Mr. Tono ...
I was more stupid than me because
Kanada Haji
that the membership given to two people by lottery from the tour participants
is a tremendous value
Koda It is small at the moment, but at the time of opening it will be a
they are dead
face should be exposed when it comes to human beings ...
I also have experience I've seen
Tohno Kaneda-kun
is the membership wanted to funds for the
heart ...
Koda It 's a bad thing ... The wound has suppurated It's
Get more corpses!
Ah!
Kazuto Kaneda Kobayashi is trying to leave the name of the criminal on his death
Seiko Who is the criminal ...
I'm really looking out the window I have to cross that Maruki Bridge
No, Seiko Kayama's alibi has a hole.
that can not Do not trust
. Stop it, it's not me
Hajime Kaneda
n't the purpose of membership, but
The motive for this serial murderer's motive is not membership, but
I can't help but think that something big is hidden
want to find a thread that connects all of the members here. I want to find a
! Ah,
before Jason, who will surely find the true motive, will work on the next prey
silent , knowing that there was a boat in the cove,
why?
Liquidambar formosana Tsu
lucky enough to be caught in a bag thrown nearby
real name is Pensuke Shinsuke
The time has finally come to reveal your identity!
seems that you won't let anyone kill you anymore ... Only one of the members
is different !
All this country music shit?
It's not even popular here.
No wonder she needed her money.
Gah! There're rats here!
Let's take a break and grab a cup of coffee.
What're you doing, Kindaichi?
I can't afford anyone else.
It sure is tasty...
That's right. What an idiot.
I've only ever made instant coffee before.
Am I supposed to put the coffee powder in the tea strainer?
No need for milk or sugar.
Incredible!
Aha, there it is!
Whatever.
I-I've no choice but to endure this humiliation.
So much curry!
Geez, when you yelled like that, I thought something else was gonna come out.
Very funny.
Here's your watermelon and petal cookies.
The real master is probably a woman, considering that frilly apron.
The master, rather mama-san, is quite short.
That stepladder isn't the only evidence that you aren't the master.
A real restaurant master wouldn't make such a basic mistake.
The watermelon you served for dessert was in here.
They're cold.
The victim.
Really?
Hey old man, can't you see it?
That reminds me! There's a nearby shop that's known for it's really delicious coffee!
Did you know that, old man?
While camping in a deserted forest, we wandered into a shady laboratory.
Ujie Takayuki Head Instructor
I don't actually have blueprints or anything.
Inspector Akechi from the Metro Police Department is at Moonlight Mansion.
so isn't the case closed already?
Shikibu Seiko Prep School Student Humanities
O-Of course not! Although I did think he was annoying.
Nakayashiki Manabu Prep School Student Humanities
but they all lost their top ranking when Aino started going to the school.
They switched it with something else!
I visited his workplace once.
Yes, Kindaichi-kun. I heard, too.
Could it be...
Layout of Moonlight Mansion
The killer, Sparrow, listened to a certain demonic man
back at the actual Gokumon school.
Sparrow murdered the rest one by one at this retreat.
when the Moonlight Mansion murderer had an alibi.
S-So what?!
That's because we drank a poison neutralizing agent.
He was kicked out of class for cheating!
Huh? Someone dropped their eraser...
Then by the river? Using a boat...
That's right. Nobody noticed.
Ujie-sensei took the science group back to Moonlight Mansion.
But now, three years later,
Isn't it obvious?! He was tryin' to kill me again!
That's a lie.
Shortly afterwards, the drug made Inspector Kenmochi sleepy and...
You held him captive in this building, didn't you?
You don't notice?
After that, it was just a matter of waiting for Uozaki to drown.
...was in love with Togami Marina!
There ain't no use holdin' back now.
If I became a doctor, I could've helped my old man with his work, too.
Busujima-kun, for someone who looks tough, you have cute tastes.
Bastards! What did you do to her?!
I loved that girl!
she'd be... Togami Marina'd be...
Like a helpless leaf, blown about by the wind...
Then I swear, I'll have my dad pay off your family's debts!
She held onto it to point you out as her attacker!
At last, he snapped out of it and wanted to reveal the truth.
I crumpled up my integrity as a lawyer along with the letter.
He said he was going to soothe my heart and visited many times.
On top of that, Tamaki-kun and Uozaki-kun are back on the streets.
Komori-sensei said he gave that letter right to Kenmochi!
Not only by your friends, but by the police and corrupt adults as well.
You shall become the Executioner.
After all, his two saving graces are brute strength and a strong sense of justice.
He did everything in his power to get to the bottom of his student's death.
That's the kind of guy old man Kenmochi is.
I'm sorry!
Don't give me that face.
She didn't mean for this to point the finger at you.
And the scene is a locked room!
With Hajime-chan?
Miyuki! Miyuki-chan!
This is going all wrong...
Y-Yeah.
Ow!
Please let us on! Please!
It's okay?
Yeah.
It's pitch black!
Miyuki?!
Is this an abandoned hospital or something?
Dammit! It's locked!
Who the hell brought us here? And for what?
The first stage is the Pirates in Peril Aplenty game.
Stage 1 Pirates in Peril Aplenty Game If you can't escape within the time limit, you'll be smashed to smithereens.
So we'll be blown up if we can't escape in five minutes?
What beautiful boobs!
The total number of facing sides is seven, so...
What is this? Just a gag?
What are you thinking?! There's no time!
The Case File of Young Kindaichi Returns
Shimomura Shiho! Mama is the president of a women's clothing company!
Mama died because you saved yourself and left her there!
I may not look it, but I'm the devoted type.
Kozue-chan! You bragged before about being good with that kind of thing!
I got it!
All right, I got it!
I can't do it! It's impossible!
Let me!
Hajime-chan! If you help, poison gas will...
Hot!
Shimomura Shiho
and so she became the first victim.
Let me!
Okay, I got it! Go! And once you're out, close the door fast!
Come right after me, Hajime-chan!
Hajime-chan!!
He played the hero and got me out of there,
What the hell are you doin', you violent whore?!
Not everyone will survive the third stage.
I-I bet the poison's in mine.
Me too!
If you don't eat, he might kill you!
Thanks.
T-True. The Game Master never said anything about poison in the cup.
Mine's got one, too!
You escaped the poison set-up, so that should be good enough.
Don't be morbid.
Kozue's up to her eyeballs in debt.
You cried because your gambling debt's so huge, you can't even file bankruptcy!
The final game?
One person?!
So, where is the key?
There's a bathroom.
Wha...?! That's a breach of etiquette right there!
With this, I've won the game!
Wait. Don't you smell something?
Thank god...
Takaragi-san, please tell me everything that happened.
Your game with a serial killer protagonist seems to be a big hit...
The waiter, Sugimoto-kun, tagged along and we stayed there 'til around closing,
That's right. In the beginning, I was just responsible for that,
but then I fell deeper into debt by supporting a boyfriend.
I hear you were separated from the other two in the park...
When I heard you went missing at an amusement park, I thought, "Again?!",
Did you learn anything?
but it would've been impossible to predict whom.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah! That's right!
I see. So that's how it was done...
When I found all the tricks that made it look like a coincidence, a firm thread appeared!
And at the end of the thread that tied together the killer and the two victims,
I've solved all of the mysteries!
Shimomura Shiho
Takaragi Shigeru
Sugimoto Jun
The driver was nervous, thought Miyuki and I probably saw their face,
No. That's incorrect.
That's right...
First there was the puzzle ring, which Ikuma wasn't good at.
"Etiquette" refers to this, doesn't it?
And that's how you finally murdered him as planned.
Mugi-mama is Kozue's mother?!
I did it all by myself!
You were so cool back then.
That's when you were a high school student.
and ended up being wanted by the police.
Yeah, let her in.
Excuse me!
It was a total coincidence.
If you could just get your act together,
I just told my mother the news.
I thought that for the longest time.
M-Maybe.
So peaceful...
Come on! Stop sinking when you practice kicking your legs!
I'm surprised that girl is fine bein' all the way up there.
can jump from the high dive there.
and trains for the Olympics!
She does have a nice body.
What is this swimsuit?!
Miharu!
Huh. It's like, where did their friendship go?
What are you doing, Miharu?!
If the body isn't perfectly positioned when it hits the water, it can be pretty painful.
Nijieda Mitsuyo-san dove in right after you, correct?
Even supposing that's what happened, Miyuki didn't do anything wrong!
Yeah. I haven't verified it myself, but I heard about it.
Fudouyama Municipal Library
What's wrong? It's not like you to study, Hajime-chan.
It looks like you're having fun...
The Case File of Young Kindaichi Returns
The incontrovertible evidence is still at the bottom of the pool
I don't believe it!
I could see if I pushed her from behind, but I dove in first!
but when I drop the other tofu from the same height into the second bucket...
So 30 saltwater is 1.3 times as dense as just fresh water.
It would take tons or maybe dozens of tons of salt
I thought that was terrible too, so I confronted her about it afterwards.
I didn't do anything!
Hey! Wait! I'll teach you to take a dump on my head!
Even if I am the only one who knows it, Hajime-chan!
Stop flying around, dammit!
Shida Tomoaki Captain
Kindaichi-kun...
Hajime-chan!
No, I was.
Um, we're not terrorist suspects, are we?
The captain would be killed in the next ten minutes,
An alibi trick?
The captain came into the cabin during the incident and spoke to the passengers.
because of the hat and uniform he was wearing.
Even with no one at the controls, if the plane is stabilized,
There are actually two culprits.
Then they gave instructions to the other one to kill the captain,
so if something happens, the only thing we can do
There is proof.
W-What?! Why me?! On what grounds?!
Both you and Co-pilot Koganei did something that was clearly unnatural.
The captain rejected her long ago and she asked me to help her kill him!
What?! You're the one who told me to do it!
But...
You're the one who should die!
Don't underestimate me. I'm an actress.
But don't make it worse on yourself by committing another crime.
Please bring your seats to an upright position.
Turn off all electronic devices and fasten your seatbelt securely.
Here they come!
If you lift the nose now, the rear might hit the runway.
JAM Air 377, stop on the runway.
When I was in Los Angeles, Captain Shida taught me how to fly.
Hajime-chan! Be honest and 'fess up!
Kujiragi Daisuke Prep School Student Humanities
Kirisawa Tooru Prep School Student Science
Konoe was just about to die, so he didn't have time to think of a code.
That's not the only proof.
Kujiragi made a racket when his textbook was missing.
both when we left and when we came back.
Because of a resonance line
There's nothing odd about the science group's fingerprints being in there.
Since entering Sunlight Mansion today,
That Puppeteer from Hell came up with the plan and I...
No! I killed all six of them!
They killed Aino Shuuji!
I killed him with my own hands!
Hama-san murdered him?
Apparently, he does drugs.
I was determined to help Aino-kun.
I guess he had some serious disease,
She won't spill about this, will she?
You used the hatred of Hama-san and Ujie-sensei!
you manipulated those two like puppets and turned them into criminals!
You committed the crime of ruining my art,
Ujie-sensei!
A bulletproof vest!
...to be my son.
Is the great detective going to have another showdown with the criminal genius?
The Case File of Young Kindaichi Returns! Murder at 10,000 Meters, File 1!
Murder at 10,000 Meters!
Hajime-chan, he's a pilot! He led you here?
Super Seats?! We're lucky!
Say, Kagaya-senpai, don't you think that passenger in the Super Seat is handsome?
I don't mind if he does hear me!
CA-san!
Yes?
We're currently off the coast of Aomori.
Shida Tomoaki Captain
You know him?
He's that person from before.
The can! I'm goin' to the can.
So how comfortable is that Super Seat?
I told you champagne!
But ma'am...
Ohgoshi Yutaka Cameraman
Okay.
Whatever, just sit down!
Man, oh man.
The captain has ordered me to ensure your safety for the rest of this trip.
If anyone is injured or feels ill, please don't hesitate to tell me.
Smoke bombs?!
When we brought the drink in...
so he did die of asphyxiation from being strangled.
Do you remember the time?
Let's split up and question everyone on the plane.
I went to the restroom to fix my makeup.
You weren't there,
Yes, please.
Yes. I entirely agree.
And that's all of their alibis compared.
An actress who used to be a cabin attendant, huh?
Now that you mention it, there's also something suspicious about Ohgoshi.
What do you think, Akechi-san?
The Campground "Ghost" Case!
Is that...
...new owl merchandise?
So I figured I'd get a real one to stand out.
Oh, right. Now that I've got Honusuke, I made some goods based on him.
What kind?
New Mail
Valley Campground
That's 12 bottles of soda, right? It comes to 1,720 yen.
Jeez, you're lazy.
That's right. No need to put a stain on your brains and beauty.
O-Okay!
I'm using a dried squid snack 'cause I forgot bait, so don't expect anything.
That's rich, coming from Kin-dirty-ichi!
Wait a second! The showers are right out in the open!
Campground 100 meters ahead
That's not true!
Did you just hear something?
What's wrong?
Couldn't be! Maybe my panties, but the wind wouldn't blow away my watch!
Hajime-chan!
Oh, that's right. The receipt has the time on it.
I say Okazaki is suspicious!
Yeah, as if! I had to go deep in the forest to find decent kindling wood!
I know how it looks, but Kindaichi is the grandson of a great detective.
Great detective? You mean the famous...?
Then...
Yeah.
Yeah!
Let's put the fire out and start stargazing.
We'll start without you.
and put them in the convenience store bag I kept from the way up.
Convenience Store Campground Branch Receipt
Mercy!
Liar! It's written all over your face.
Please.
What are you doing here?
Actually...
Tamaki-kun's family is wealthy, so they settled for a lot of money,
I was hoping you could mediate this with your father...
After all, I saw for myself!
Last week, he was carousing with friends downtown!
I wish they'd all die!
even the ringleader, Busujima, has been released three years later from a facility.
They committed senseless violence against her to satisfy their sick desires.
So what did you want to talk to me about?
Nah, we were just leavin'.
Come back!
Hey. Sittin' here in silence does us no good. What do you wanna tell me?
More like somethin' I figured I'd clue you cops in on.
I can think whatever I want. Am I wrong?
Incidentally, I'm not the only one who feels this way.
I'm Akechi Kengo with Investigation Division 1.
To be precise, the gun used to shoot someone at dawn
So what does that have to do with the old man?
I know how you feel, Inspector,
It's pretty obvious that he's involved in some kind of trouble.
Even though the girl died from jumpin' out the window herself!
No! And I only met him once since gettin' out!
He had this "screw you" attitude
Yeah. I just met him earlier.
You're Tamaki-kun, aren't you?
And I'm sure you remember her.
I'm Erina, the younger sister of Togami Marina, the girl you killed.
That's what the cops ruled it as too, right?
Good timing. Can we talk a while?
Uozaki!
Oh, he's on his way.
Erina-san!
Don't look!
Uozaki... is dead?
Pieces of evidence keep popping up that implicate the old man!
But there's no way the old man would murder anyone!
The Case File of Young Kindaichi Returns! Inspector Kenmochi, Murderer, File 2!
But he's not the kind of guy who'd do somethin' like that!
I swear I'll prove the old man innocent!
Inspector Kenmochi, Murderer
A hotel employee.
Apparently, the faucet was left running.
That was around 7 AM, wasn't it?
you may be the next target.
Didn't you come here to ask about him and what happened three years ago?
He once volunteered to be a kendo instructor.
She had an aptitude for it and practiced very hard.
My husband took her under his wing and often brought her here to visit.
She was so cheerful that our kids took to her immediately.
Take revenge for Marina-san...
Don't talk stupid!
her fatal fall from the window happened while she was trying to escape.
The suspect's height is 182 centimeters.
if they'd continued to withhold food and medical treatment,
And yet, Tamaki and Uozaki got off lightly, neither going to a juvenile reformatory.
That's because he was a minor at the time.
was like the boss who gave Tamaki-kun and Uozaki-kun orders.
Actually, he's got a friend who's suspected of Uozaki's murder
Drowning
It made me sick.
If those fawning girls knew the sickening things you three did,
they'd all run in the other direction.
All I did was write what that lawyer wanted me to
There's no room for a poor amateur detective!
Yes. I received permission from the school to use this area.
You continue to show a lack of courtesy.
If this becomes drawn out any longer, it's quite possible Inspector Kenmochi's
Unfortunately, they're a perfect match.
No, there aren't.
Wait!
as Inspector Kenmochi's one friend who'll believe in him to the end,
And I'll expose the identity of the cowardly killer
The killer has attacked Busujima!
Detective Aoi Reiji Fudousan Police Department, Criminal Affairs Division
This is investigation headquarters.
Busujima-kun, where are you?
I escaped into a building but got a threatening text like last time!
we can narrow it down to an overlapping area between Busujima and the culprit.
Yes, sir!
Akechi-san, I'm coming with!
There it is.
There's a noise in the background. A metallic sound.
What is it?
A sofa...
Let's talk about it at the police station.
What happened then is a blank.
Your gun was used for the first crime.
Sure.
Old man, you may not believe in yourself, but I believe in you.
when Busujima first called from the hospital, the call was incoming,
Indeed. Because if a trick is involved, that invalidates the alibis.
A suspect?
Do you remember who abducted you then?
Yes. If we'd found you only three minutes later, you probably would've been dead.
Okay, that's enough! Please resume your questioning tomorrow.
And we could say the same thing about Inspector Kenmochi, couldn't we?
I see!
but this is like obsessively clean.
You've figured it out, haven't you?
I've got the image of the real killer in my head,
Inspector Kenmochi's name is going to be released tomorrow afternoon.
Gotcha. I'll have gotten to the truth by then.
There was a long line at the shop to get this.
I can't just sit here!
All of the evidence points to old man Kenmochi.
Detective Aoi Reiji Fudousan Police Department, Criminal Affairs Division
I escaped into a building but got a threatening text like last time!
How about Inspector Kenmochi's cell phone?
Here it is! It's within a 500-meter radius of a point
Akechi-san, I'm coming with!
Akechi-san...
What?
There's a noise in the background. A metallic sound.
There! This time there was a 12-second interval!
No. The regular intervals indicate there's a pitching machine. In other words...
This is the only batting center in the area.
Someone must have locked it from the inside!
Tadano-kun! Get the defibrillator!
Yes, sir!
Old man!
Are you sure about this, Superintendent Akechi?
Old man...
My gun shot someone, there's video proof...
Old man, you may not believe in yourself, but I believe in you.
I swear I'll find proof that you're no murderer.
Is this how it was during the murder?
That's what the first witness said.
You'd think Uozaki's phone rang while he was being executed.
The killer noticed and tossed it into the water.
It's already been done.
After Busujima's shooting,
but she was at her high school kendo club's morning practice less than ten minutes later.
Police Hospital
Busujima Riku
He was at death's door until a short while ago.
Busujima...
Busujima's awake!
No. I just can't picture you as a murderer.
I don't care how driven he is by fury,
And I've been with him on more cases than I'd care to remember.
He's gonna kill me! He's gonna kill me! Like with the other guys!
Looking at it makes me think it must've been tough to get in place from the outside.
The tips of his toes were dangling about 30 centimeters over the floor.
Sure.
Come on, Miyuki! We're gonna do an on-site verification!
The fire alarm went off.
Fingerprint from Evidence
And then...
Come on! You're gonna arrest him?!
Detective Aoi Reiji Fudousan Police Department, Criminal Affairs Division
Busujima!
Old man!
I'll explain.
No. You hanged yourself.
There is a platform.
In the first place, there's no way I could've known he'd drink that water...
where the lawyer, Komori, always parked his car.
You made the call right in front of us and we bought it.
Wait!
There ain't no use holdin' back now.
My family runs a small medical equipment company
Let us use that apartment, too.
If I became a doctor, I could've helped my old man with his work, too.
It's cute!
But a month had passed before I found out.
Togami tried to escape out the window...
I-Is she dead?
Bastards! What did you do to her?!
In the first place, this is your apartment, right?!
Old man!
she'd be... Togami Marina'd be...
All right? Please!
I didn't care by that point.
Where was it?
It probably fell off of your phone in that apartment.
But at some point, you changed your mind and wanted to tell the truth.
Why was that?
He said he was going to soothe my heart and visited many times.
They have to pay!
You yourself may cast judgment upon those sinners.
swallow me.
This dream cannot be broken.
nor the past where we laughed together
 Flag - Yan 
 Flag - Wei 
Hey!
All right! That gives me 333 wins, 332 loses, and 587 draws!
This was our 1,253rd match, and now I have 332 wins, 334 losses, and 587 ties!
He and I lost our parents in a war, and became slaves.
Laughing again, bastard?!
Who do you think you are?!
We don't need a guy like this!
Then we'll become thieves or something!
And one of the ministers that serves in the royal palace.
What... did he say?
What's wrong, Piao?
A servant in a country village suddenly being a military officer in the royal palace?!
Right! I'll overtake you before you know what happened!
Welcome!
Come look!
They locked me out of the royal palace.
R-Right.
I cannot discuss palace matters with you here, Flashback
And the king even killing all of his retainers? Flashback
We'll join a war!
Piao!
Thieves?
Li Dian! A doctor! Hurry!
It doesn't hurt.
I won't let them touch you!
No.
A map?
Go there, right away!
I'll tear them limb from limb!
Don't let Piao's death be for nothing,
Go there, right away! Flashback
Heibei Village is a town of murderers!
This man came from the family of a poor worker.
He was thrown out by his parent, but he has talent with the sword and the writing brush.
Now he owns a mansion and even sends an allowance to the parent that abandoned him.
I, who have a mother of a royal family, am the one fit to be king!
It looks to be interesting.
Hurry up and speak.
Diao! Go call together the people in the village and tell them to go after that guy!
There's no way in hell he's getting home alive!
He's coming!
My sword is on different level from you half-hearted bastards! Thought
We will! We'll just keep winning and winning!
And if we make it to the top, we'll become generals!
We may be servants right now,
will reach everywhere under the heavens! Thought
to this broken down shack? Thought
No way... That can't be...
In a starry sky that disappeared faster than it ever has
our pride that lurks in the same landscape.
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuitous line.
What a bunch of sorry bastards you are.
As I thought...
You bastaaaard!
You're a hundred years too early to even try to challenge me!
Now, now. Please calm down, my lord.
There is no assassin greater than Zhuxiong.
If I really think about it, I'm no match for someone like him. Thought
When we have matches, we're perfectly equal.
For some reason, he's usually equal to me.
I guess so.
This is the end!
Th-This can't be! Thought
Anyone except themselves.
From over here, too!
What's going on here?!
No way! Piao wouldn't want me to do something like that!
I don't have enough strength to run up the hill,
Stay with you?
He accepted knowing full well it might mean his death!
This is also my battle to avenge Piao, so I'm not going easy on you.
And a storm of violent wars, lasting a monumentally long 500 years, erupted all across China.
With such relentless despair filling the world, it was as though a dragon had invaded.
Protect the gate!
Piece of cake.
Faster! Faster!
All the ministers serving in the royal palace apart from Lord are like that!
Yes, sir!
But Shi Shi, you dog... How did you see through their deception?
You don't mean...?!
Indeed.
Separate squadron?
What a courageous king.
He did it!
Before we enter their range, we should temporarily retreat and construct a new strategy.
Ever since we broke Lord Piao out of here, there have been many sacrifices.
then feed them arrows without a single miss!
No. We will continue with the Mountain People!
Sir!
You can see the face of an assassin in his shadow.
Let's kill... them all.
But...
Xin! Thought
for me to step out in front of him to boost our morale! Thought
After learning that the era of saints had ended,
until over one hundred states were reduced to merely seven.
This is the tumultuous tale of a nameless boy and a young king who brought the warring era to its end!
is a truth that interrupts the rain.
How is it that even though you're just a boy, you can fight against Zuoci?!
Aren't you afraid?
even though he's a bottom-rank commoner!
The greatest! General! Under! The Heavens!
This fight's only just beginning!
I couldn't see it at all... Thought
Of course.
Everyone's in tough fights...
We're... at a really bad disadvantage.
No matter how beat up he gets, he never loses.
No matter how bad it is...
He'll definitely win!
Then give it a try!
I didn't hear a damn word you said, so I'll need you to say it one more time.
You no longer have a mask to protect your head.
Bastard... What... are you...?
You won... Why're you crying?
The warrior Tajif says "That man is alive. It's all right."
He can't sleep after we've come this far!
And in there is the ringleader behind this all,
I gaze at the fragments of a dream No more crying
Swords have become powerless.
When we get down this corridor...
Ancient China.
What?!
With your death, may you come to realize...
Without those two, the enemy is sure to crumble!
He's choosing on his own to keep moving.
he was an orphan just like me.
Piao was light-hearted through and through and he always smiled...
Xin...
Are you there, Teng?
Understood, sir!
Right away.
Sir!
It sure is taking a long time...
I know we were told to wait on standby, but wouldn't it be better if we got moving?
Bajiou... What are you planning to do?
And the one leading them is the Mountain King, her majesty Yang Duan He.
when we were pushing our way through the deep northern mountains, three guards disappeared.
That monster is losing?!
I'm sure I've told you.
you'll be punished.
Do it. Finish them!
Captain!
Ending
I won't turn away from my tearful memories
Captain!
This dream cannot be broken.
Among this rusted fear in my heart
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuitous line.
But just you wait.
Zhuxiong was plenty enough for revenge.
I'll beat the shit outta you!
is the moment the country gains wealth and stability.
Our duty is to fortify the royal bloodline,
Xin!
What...?
I'm amazed to hear that from a pure blooded member of the royal family!
that no matter how high and mighty you act,
My eyes!
Your highness, forgive me...
If I keep blocking Weixing, I'll lose. Thought
That ape monster's rampaging all over the place!
Diao, tie my right hand with the ribbon from the scabbard!
That's plenty!
Why don't you get up, you ape monster?!
Don't push! We can't pull the door open!
I-I'm still not done!
Do you honestly think something like that can be forgiven?!
Wh-Why is Wang Qi's lieutenant...?
Out of the way, insect!
I'll crush you under my foot!
Jie Shi, the man even L Buwei couldn't assassinate, has been killed!
Go after Chengjiao, Xin!
Diao, you're...
Who could have?!
Shi Shi! You're the chancellor's officer, aren't you?!
I have something I wish to ask you!
Wang Qi, having falsely presented Changwenjun's head, Thought
Weixing, just what I'd expect from my right hand. Thought
Your sweet little squabble was dragging on a little much,
If you have business with us, hurry and say it.
I came to take your life.
Ancient China.
Among this rusted fear in my heart
What kind of king do you aim to be, my lord?
But! King Zhao died nearly seven years ago!
Do not be like your little brother and not know what to do with it.
That goes for you, too, Teng.
What? The war's stopped.
Chancellor Jie!
While you were arching your back towards the heavens, you never knew of the hearts of the people...
Y-You bastard! How dare you do this to me...!
You're making him one of your people?
I'm heading onto the battlefield!
You must be glad, Xin!
It's the village Piao and I grew up in.
Piao...
Oh... I guess so!
This is a hut, dangit!
And now I finally have land and a house.
and my land will get huge!
The first thing can be a broken down shack or whatever!
The moon I see before my eyes
human desire was unleashed.
Ow!
I'm back.
Anyhow... It sure is peaceful.
Now you're working and earning a little income
I never got the money he promised me!
You're gonna get lots of money from Zheng, right?
So I thought you might need a bodyguard in case you got robbed on the way back.
What?
Well, regardless...
In that environment, it is not possible for even the king to judge L Buwei.
It would be like 10 people standing against an army of 10,000.
I'd like to see how he can dare show his face here. Thought
This guy just straight-out admitted Thought
No...
He has the highest positions of the diplomatic officials.
I will be returning to the East soon.
Do what you want! The only thing I desire is on the battlefield!
Enough jesting, all of you.
I do believe all this idle chat in front of the king
So please, rest at ease!
Did it appear so?
We've found an opponent that seems to be worth playing with...
Until 12 or 13 years ago, L Buwei was just an ordinary foreign merchant.
Then why's he a general of the State of Qin now?
Don't be foolish.
We've been talking only about me for a while now,
It's in a state of ruthless competition.
Okay! My shoulder's back to normal, too!
The moon I see before my eyes
Next time.
Among this rusted fear in my heart
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuous line.
Finally, my first campaign.
I'm seriously gonna become it!
The 4th army just departed a short while ago.
It will be a brutal battle...
It suits him.
It's Zhong Tie!
We barely even know him.
Really?
Nice to meet you, everyone.
what's that scene gonna look like?
All right! We're right up front!
And their Thousand-Man General is often quite violent, so...
Which one is he?!
Who the hell is that brat?!
As you can see, he's an idiot...
Looks like you've bulked up some more.
Weakest...?
 Flag Wei 
He's a crazy strong general, ain't he?!
Wha-?!
everyone was slaughtered.
Most likely, it's Wei's General Wu Qing.
But that bastard's really hiding a lot... Thought
Whole army?
But neither the soldiers nor the armies are prepared.
Even though we were originally going to attack, now we're way behind everyone...
What is this feeling?
Hey, Xin!
swallow me.
and now they have finally reached the location of the deciding battle,
I am Thousand-Man General Fu Hushen!
That's... the Thousand-Man General from the other day?
Bi...
It's disgraceful in front of the soldiers.
I can't do that either.
This guy's a childhood friend of mine.
And since the Wei Army arrived on top of that hill before us by a small margin,
Our reinforcements are waiting!
We, the 4th army, after unit formations, will aid the 2nd army
The soldiers of the great State of Qin are brave men feared by all of China!
As long as strength remains in your bodies, cut, cut, cut them all down!
Paint the plain red with the blood of Wei soldiers!
I've heard he's a guy who puts people into brutal battles...
Seriously!
It'll be all right.
Not one?!
Even against 1 wounded opponent, all 5 of us attack.
Xin...?
They're giving the order to charge!
Dammit! We're gonna do this! We're gonna do this!
Otherwise we'll be crushed to by both in front and behind us!
Young Xin!
That spot opened up!
and the flow of the beginning of the battle tilted utterly towards the Qin army.
Can you hear something?
It's like the ground is rumbling...
If those rampaging horses came head-on...
Ow...
I have a plan.
You're still alive?!
Kill! Kill!
After him! Crush him to pieces!
Do they think they can stop chariots with things like that?!
Dammiiiit!
This is...
That's all there is to it!
If we wanna survive, our only choice is to fight those chariot corps!
but if we don't solidify ourselves now, we'll struggle!
We need the people from the other Wu to help out!
While Xin and the others, the foot soldiers of the 4th Army,
Wait!
Or did you come in order to gain victory over the Wei Army?
I knew it, even Xin can't stand up to those chariots...
With the mobility of the horse... Thought
Ending
Run! Don't turn back!
Next time,
Opening
No one can take it away,
They were honorable deaths in battle made for the sake of victory!
the enemy's counterattack is just a matter of time.
And now, one location has stood out.
Xin! Good job staying safe!
you are the pride of the Fu Hushen Unit and the pride of the State of Qin!
All foot soldiers, follow the mounted units!
you've been talkin' quite a bit, haven't ya?
Is that right?
Okay, get in charging formation!
Lord Fu Hushen, there's someone at the rank of foot soldier riding a horse...
I'm fine!
Run! We've just gotta run though here...
If you don't hurry, we'll be left among the enemy!
I'll catch up to our Thousand Man General!
Don't trip up again, Wei Ping!
Qiang Lei...
and I can concentrate only on the front!
They haven't realized we're here. Thought
Hang on a second.
We'll now run up this hill
I'm aware that you all no longer have any spare strength left!
Those who do not come to the peak will be later cut down by me personally!
Hey, kid.
Hey, listen to people when they talk.
No matter what happens, the state of the battle will not change.
Before long this dust will settle and the Qin soldiers will all die out.
Leave them nowhere to escape!
We got through!
all equally stand at the verge of life and death.
That is the nature of an army!
suicide attack soldiers of Qin... Thought
A boy soldier? How pitiful.
He saw my arrow?
You didn't make it, kid.
So we finally meet, Gong Yuan!
An unpredictable intruder.
Wang Qi Intrudes
has clashed directly with General Wu Qing, leading the Wei Army, at the Shegan Plain.
You're okay, right, Xin?
I see.
Did you think I was merely a strategist?
I'm out of breath.
So they've reached it?
Don't be idiots!
There are no soldiers on that hill the main Wei Army was supposed occupy!
Wei's... Great General!
What's General Biao Gong thinking?!
A red messenger has arrived!
Yes, sir! Undoubtedly!
What mounted unit is that?!
I see...
Bi Unit! Follow the reinforcements that just broke through with all your strength!
Shang Lu, the same! Let's go!
We have no objections either.
Our flags are standing on the hill Gong Yuan was encamped on.
I don't believe it...
But it was a different story from the youngster Changwenjun implied to me.
Exactly.
This isn't the time to be swinging your swords around without discerning who is really your foe!
We are indebted to you for your reinforcements.
You're far too serious as usual, Aide Bi.
Or will instinct win?
You wanna bet whether or not our general or the Wei general will win?
Exactly.
Isn't he?
The general is leading the unit himself,
Wu Qing is treating the war as a game board of logic.
Biao Gong will be sure not to let it slip away.
But neither can Biao Gong
And learned the burden of the thing he seeks.
those are scenes that won't disappear.
You know a way to sneak past the army's encirclement?
Above?
Me? It doesn't matter for me. He's not my king.
They're pretty much all dead now, though.
Dammit! What the hell am I doing? Thought
Then order all units to divide up and search for him!
It sure has turned into a troublesome situation.
I mean...
Diao!
Those ministers are nothing but idiots!
If there's a battle going on between fellow ministers,
And he joined hands with the second most powerful minister, Jie Shi.
and initiated this rebellion.
It's revenge for Piao!
The blade of rebellion will never reach the king.
Ah, um... Lord Changwenjun.
I was prepared for the fact that a great amount of trouble would be awaiting me.
You might die, you know!
Xin!
W-Well, it would seem that there were escape routes running underneath the village...
When you have a chance, you can come get it.
If you break, I'll throw you away.
Hey, hey, hey!
"It would seem that the king is alive, has escaped the army's encirclement, and has disappeared."
That legendary general is assisting us? Thought
Trusting him too much will lead to great injury.
Fear not!
There are three youngsters fleeing.
Muta's legs are menaces.
I know your power well. Hurry, go.
I gaze at the fragments of a dream No more crying
I'm sure I told you that you're just a sword.
Which is wrong?
The seven great powers, in order to devour each other,
No one can take it away,
Biao Gong, eh?
the strength of the army he's leading is a bit greater than the Wang Qi Army.
Then what are we?! Thought
He's really jumped to conclusions, hasn't he? Aide Bi...
in terms of Biao Gong's style, were noble sacrifices for the sake of victory.
Greatest generals under the heavens... Thought
Strong heroes whose names everyone knows... Thought
Somehow, without knowing those things, I would always scream that... Thought
I've been talking with a general! Thought
Mr. Ze, take this.
Xin...
Who is that guy?
The enemy is sure to aim for the head horse.
But they can't beat him.
The height of the morale is created utterly for the reason of protecting the leader.
Biao Gong. If you continue in this way,
you will end up alone in a sea of the Wei Army, I'm afraid.
No matter what we try here, a breakthrough is impossible, Bi!
we'll be killed the moment we enter the enemy's formation!
there were many units that could not move quickly.
Crash through the left army that's attacking the Biao Gong Army!
You called, Lord Wu Qing?
Before long, the Biao Gong Army will be wiped out.
If you get caught up in the moment, you'll be killed, Xin!
By the way, my lord.
They are still running parallel to the right!
Why aren't we attacking?!
our soldiers receive a psychological strain and lose morale.
Because of that the Biao Gong Army is in a tough fight.
we surround the Wei Army as well!
Then this indirect backup should be plenty! Thought
Die!
What?!
This is why we cannot stop now.
Wu Qing!
Father! Mother! Flashback
It started with the slaughter at Wan Castle,
until over one hundred states were reduced to merely seven.
and the anxiety that makes me waver
General Qu Qing! General Qu Qing! General Qu Qing! General Qu Qing!
It's bad, ain't it?
That it would be a one-on-one fight between generals. Thought
Wu Qing's military strength will not possibly reach that of Lord Biao Gong's.
Then the general is holding back and just playing around right now?
Leave it to us.
Up against invader, to not retreat at this point...
I see.
So you were taken captive by that grudge,
Your lick of distress is just one out of those many!
That ingenuity, that had you in a close fight with me up to this point,
Or do you have the confidence that you can make something even greater than that one-on-one fight
Look!
By the way, General, what do you plan to do from here?
Will you continue on to an attack?
General, huh...?
I am not!
Yeah. But we had a lotta losses, too.
Don'cha think, Xin?
Xin! That shop!
Welcome!
This guy was talking about buying armor.
The last war?
Huh? This guy...
You got bigger again.
He's a guy who fought in the same Wu as me.
What're ya doin' here?
You liar!
See ya.
is a truth that interrupts the rain.
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuous line.
There is no human stronger than me in this world.
But, I'm a little relieved.
Stop!
That is what our clan is now described as.
The sword was not originally something to cut people down with.
That is our law.
Two are chosen from each of the 19 clans.
Flashback Starts
And before that, I'd at least like to know the warmth of a man... yeah, young whores of ancient china!
There's no way.
Only one will remain...
Big Sister Xiang...
Big Sister Xiang.
She's not here... Big Sister Xiang isn't here!
Eyecatch
Flashback Starts
How did this happen to Big Sister Xiang...?
Xiang was targeted from the outset.
And now, in accordance to our laws, the festival will commence.
Was it really something that insignificant?!
She plotted to form a secret alliance and killed Big Sister Xiang,
Now, my only reason for living is to kill that woman.
and is living a carefree life now.
And it's not just him.
To me, that guy was...
If you just rush in on momentum and emotion
So what're you gonna do next?
Yeah.
I know I can't do anything about my physical strength!
So I can find where I belong.
Is that right?
And who decided that, you moron?!
For the path that you seek,
the many piled up meetings we've had
our pride that lurks in the same landscape.
Oh, come on!
Lord Xin!
I want to know the reason for that.
I see.
It's true. General Wang Qi is no ordinary general.
all enemies would shut their gates tight.
Wang He,
Sima Cuo,
Yes. That's...
So this is the entrance to General Wang Qi's castle?
Perhaps we should go back for now and try to think of some other...
They were fine.
Both the body and castle of the greatest general under the heavens that we seek to be are gigantic!
Changwenjun isn't good enough.
It's true that I don't have any reason for you to take me on.
All right then, Youngster Xin. Get out of the bath and get prepared.
Wh-Where in the world do you think we're being taken?
I mentioned it before, but you won't get many chances to talk to me like this.
Misapprehensions?
And the result
Your military renown was...
King Zhao created the Six General System.
There would be no point to making the system from insubstantial resources.
That's why I came to find a general.
Oh? So you say you have that resolve?
And they now fight inside it.
Which among the 10 tribes here, are the weakest.
Please tell this to Youngster Xin.
Huh?! You want me down there, too?
What are you doing, everyone?!
Now is your best chance to counterattack!
Quiet the hell down!
He's the most violent ruffian among them.
Dammit! It was shallow! Thought
Yes, sir.
Ending
Next time,
The State of Qin now sorties a force of 200,000
Dad! Look at all the flags!
Ain't there?
the State of Qin was about to be gripped by an unprecedented crisis!
After learning that the era of saints had ended,
If the front line nearby the border with Zhao falls, Thought
An order for emergency recruitment was immediately raised,
Wei Ping.
Long live Lord Xin! Long live Lord Yuan!
An emergency recruitment isn't an ordinary occurrence. Thought
so I came along with my teacher.
This violence committed by Zhao cannot go unpunished!
He's a veteran warrior with rich experience.
and defense.
Just one.
I called him.
and I'm seeing him with these eyes?! Thought
Enough, Meng Wu.
In accordance with an old etiquette, before an official indictment can take place,
I went along with that obvious lie and cleared everyone out.
I told you to accept King Zhao's death.
You have been appointed as Supreme Commander of the State of Qin Army of 100,000!
and annihilate the State of Zhao Army
Father must be dissatisfied...
What do you mean by that?
Xin!
I never would've thought you'd be training under Wang Qi.
What?
Wait, please! Lord Xin!
Because that guy's our Hundred-Man General!
I just wanna see them soon!
To think that Liao could ever be beaten...
Settle?!
Meanwhile, the soldiers heading to Mayang...
They've already started forming Wu!
It'll be fine.
I got Teacher's permission.
Don't worry.
The relationship between the king and the chancellor is totally unrelated to me.
Having said that, what exactly is a Special Unit, you may ask?
But I can say this!
We'll crush that Zhao Army that carelessly strolled in here in an attempt to attack us
Ow! What was that?
What's more, Wei Ping was the stupidest in the village!
Even Big Brother was boasting like crazy to the guys in the neighboring village.
In this state, they can't win any sort of battle...
and when they're surrounded and waiting for reinforcements,
These guys...
What is this sound?
forward!
With the Wang Qi's at the front, the State of Qin Army's spirits are raised...
Eyecatch
Yes, sir! Someone called Pang Nuan!
Yes, that's right.
Lu Sui...
I wanna learn that "tontontaan" thingy, too.
Within... their bodies?
That man is a complete army himself.
Hey, stop! Flashback
Breaking through an army alone...?
Wang Qi is sure to have many comrades he lost in war... Thought
Because they were fellow members of the Six Great Generals? Thought
You say that nine years ago, Pang Nuan attacked Liao's troops alone,
There are only two people on this land that make even heaven and earth tremble.
Wang Qi...
Could it be... that so he could kill Wang Qi...?
There! That's...
All units...
Advance right!
Each one's emotions overlap with their lives, and they blend together.
Among those events, the neighboring State of Zhao suddenly invaded,
And what kind of growth with Xin achieve?
will ride on the attacking and defense on the right side, rather than the center?
Incredible!
He's a monster!
and having the foot soldiers take a diagonal formation
it's also too late to target the central army.
In order for a war to progress efficiently,
In a huge battle of tens of thousands of soldiers
If by some chance you fail, it will not be tolerated.
We will cut into the enemy from the side.
Well done, Teng.
The left is...
Unless the "arrow" reaches its target soon, the left army will be facing quite some peril.
All right!
Deploy both wings.
Wu Fang Unit, retreat!
This is bad, Lord Xin. Thought
we won't be able to wield the power of a concentrated unit. Thought
In order for a hundred men to get to a great general of 10,000, you can't have any unnecessary battles.
Let's get back on topic.
But if we break there, everyone dies.
That's the kind of battle this is!
Form a wall!
Long Chuan, wait! You're going too far by yourself!
Lord Feng Ji!
The rest were showing their backs and retreating.
Then all that remained were the 1,500 enemy soldiers.
The battle now...
My eyes are... getting hazy...
Every time he cuts someone, my strength comes back!
Lord Xin! I'm sorry!
If this war of attrition keeps going, we'll eventually all run out of strength
and the elite unit should head toward the location of Zhao General, Feng Ji.
nor is it to bring all 100 members back alive.
then there will no longer be a need for anyone here.
Pei Lang! Tian Yong!
Where's Qiang Lei?!
We'll definitely meet up again after!
Let's go!
Feng Ji!
Feng Ji's space is from mid-range to long-range, isn't it?
So they split their 100 in two. Thought
That, we can make!
The down side to having a headquarters mostly made up of mounted soldiers has shown its face.
It's true that interring the majority of the Qin left army was skillful,
is...
This is bad!
Maybe Qiang Lei and I could manage something, but... Thought
I'm not screwing around!
I can't.
I'm sorry, Qiang Lei.
The left army...
we would slip though the confusion and take the general's head!
Now's that moment!
Don't slow down on our account!
You've got to take the general's head, Xin!
Go!
Got it.
That is the nature of actual battle.
No.
and that platoon that attacked from the side.
the advancement of a Hundred Man Unit is nothing more than part of that error in calculation.
You seriously are something...
Feng Ji was a well-renowned general.
My name... all across China?
A moment...
my name will start to permeate throughout China little by little. Thought
the greatest general under the heavens!
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
All units,
It started!
Well, actually...
Therefore they could not fight as one army. And so...
We will use "Snake"!
Meng Yi?
But still...
That was an incredible fighting style your father had, Meng Yi.
What do you need to talk about?
Do you think I care?
Headquarters!
The army that was in the mountains is coming from the left!
Do you really think so?
Feixin Unit, forward!
I was going to have Lord Pang Nuan come forward and take Wang Qi's head...
Zhao Zhuang's order was conveyed to the front lines immediately.
Moving the headquarters, huh?
You've made a bold move quite quickly, Zhao Zhuang!
Would you rather we'd gone around on horseback?
Help them...
After going on the offensive thanks to the Feixin Unit, led by Xin,
First Army, sortie!
Fifth Army, charge!
What's going on?
I am Li Mu, and this is my outstandingly beautiful guard, Kaine!
swallow me.
Then... do we chase after them again?
If we don't hurry, they're gonna reform over there!
A battle between mountains brings with it the danger of being difficult to coordinate with allies.
Please be sure not to go against these instructions...
He-Hey! I said not to ignore me!
If that's the case, that would mean the way the Zhao Army lost in the first four days was intentional,
Yes, sir.
Why are you in charge all of a sudden?!
You could understand that we might be afraid to ride together with people
The other armies advanced, maintaining their formation with the Meng Wu Army as the center.
You do like to tease, Pang Nuan... Thought
I said I am, and I meant it!
Well... it's normal.
Don't concern yourself.
Revenge is important.
I'm actually quite comfortable. Thought
How many enemies are there?!
Wh-Who the hell are you?!
Lord Xin!
R-Run, you two!
Isn't Pang Nuan...
We're going to avenge them, Qiang Lei!
They're attacking in a pincer formation.
No. This is Xin and Qiang Lei. I know they'll find a way...
becoming the greatest general under the heavens will be just a dream within a dream!
Yuh!
and use this axe...
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
What are you doing?
What the hell is with you?
All right!
is Changwenjun the only one we can rely on?
What kinda commoner gets carried by a king?! Idiot!
Carried? By whom?
Hey!
Shut up! Diao!
If I think about it, there's no way somebody raised in a royal palace
Nobody's here...
Changwenjun must have prepared that in advance.
But... It's surprisingly clean for a summer resort made for a king 400 years ago.
Wh-What the hell is this?! It's so friggin' delicious!
Y-Yeah...
Wh-What's wrong with you two?
Duke Mu was a king who loved people unconditionally more than anyone else.
That's terrible!
A good liquor that goes well with horse meat...
Do you have to ruin the moment when someone feels touched?!
If you don't show up, we'll be stuck here forever...
I heard he's a warrior from a country even further South than the State of Chu.
Shut up.
I thought I felt an odd presence for a second, but it was my imagination! Thought
I won't turn away from my tearful memories
It's your turn, Lei.
In a starry sky that disappeared faster than it ever has
About where did the gong ring from?
It's almost like he's dancing...
It may also seem like a beautiful dance, but it's a technique that borders on the superhuman!Thought
Incredible!
is of course, not a skill you alone possess.
There truly was value in appearing here, one who brings down gods.
I can barely breathe anymore... Thought
We're no match for this guy!
I'll hold out as long as I possibly can!
There's no doubt about it. It's Pang Nuan! Thought
I don't know why he would just suddenly appear like this, Thought
I have not seen that power with my own eyes.
And war is something full of unexpected events...
That goes for both the Zhao Army
Wh-Why is the Zhao mounted unit here?!
He's coming!
The head of 100,000 men is right here!
Gather, everyone!
I... I'll never allow it! Let's go!
Take the head
You're all right?!
As far as numbers go, we have more foot soldiers
Even though the central and right armies sacrificed some tens of thousands, they couldn't take down the enemy.
I won't say anything bad about you...
You really are as much an idiot as always.
I guess I'll fight.
I'll defeat that monster! Thought
fly higher than anyone! Flashback
The signal!
What?!
Even if this heartbeat stops,
I was merely negligent.
The name of that man, whom is linked by fate to Wang Qi, is Pang Nuan.
and the anxiety that makes me waver
We won't throw away our weaknesses,
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuous line.
He's right.
The reason for it was when Wan Ji dealt with the Fourth Army Combat Commander, Gan Yang during a one-on-one fight on horseback.
The roars of numerous horse hooves and throngs of wriggling torches that spread throughout the mountains
Three of ours were killed.
Zhong Tie and Lord Lu Yan.
Forget heroes of our village, we'd be heroes of the whole state.
A bit of an idiot though.
With all the echoing, I can't tell!
Surround them!
Don't let them get away!
I keep thinking... that Wei Ping and the others might really die...
So two, no, three people are climbing the mountain to escape.
It would not be odd to have died a while ago after losing this much.
Shut up, idiot.
So you've gotta use this to stop the bleeding and climb.
and as friends from Chenghu Village.
Dong Mei is waiting for me at the village after all.
What're you doing, Dao?!
Get it, hoodlums?
D-Dammit! We'll remember this, bastard!
Pang Nuan!
Lie down.
Where are we? What happened to the battle?!
when you said you'd become a "Great General"
Yeah. It wasn't just your own strength.
is also part of your own power.
It's weird for me to talk for this long...
Yeah. I'll be okay if I sleep.
It's Xin!
What the hell is that guy?
In half a year, I will win!
General Wang Qi!
In a starry sky that disappeared faster than it ever has
the many piled up meetings we've had
So the Feixin Unit was cut in half overnight, was it...?
Forgive me.
But, if possible, please give me a word of warning about such a thing in the future.
Now, each of our armies will attack the State of Qin Army with the goal of stopping their movement.
they can no longer escape!
There are signal flares burning...
the future will indeed be hard to predict.
I'm breaking out into a cold sweat?! Thought
You bastard...
Something is odd. Thought
Wang Qi... In the end, you will be forced to show yourself. Thought
Wang Qi split up his mounted unit and infantry unit.
Don't talk nonsense, Xin!
I might not be able to fight anymore, but...
This war!
Shut up, hurry up and get running.
The subordinates that remained at the headquarters in turn raised the same flags at the headquarters.
Sure.
you have to understand the true nature of that.
Being a strategist is far more painful and difficult than being a soldier that sees bloodshed right in front of him.
They went to finish off Meng Wu.
So if we follow the Zhao Zhuang Army,
we'll naturally be able to come to the aid of the Meng Wu Army, yes?
Everyone, let's take to the field!
Approximately 2,000!
Wh-What?!
What's wrong?
why arrive so suddenly?
the path opens to the smile of a fierce god!
But if I consider the Zhao Army's current position and method of fighting, Thought
the strategy they've laid out is phenomenally deep. Thought
swallow me.
The result of those wars is that my power is greater than it has ever been.
Qin, Zhao, and Yan,
are endlessly building castles in an attempt to form a defense.
But who? Another equestrian tribe?
And by hiding it, what will they do?
They'll introduce it into the war going on between Qin and Zhao.
Rest easy. Lord Li Mu will not murder people who are not directly related to the war.
perhaps we'll meet again on a battlefield somewhere.
But Lin Xiangru and Zhao She have already departed from this world...
But what if a new Three Great Divas were being born...?
And the ones that were being surrounded were the Meng Wu and Long Guo Armies.
Is this... as far as we go?! Thought
No,
Li Mu is not an ordinary man. Thought
All units, charge!
But if he intended to drive a wedge in with that mounted unit,
There are so few arrows...
The left army is the cornerstone of our defense
So you want us to be decoys and lure out the enemy?
Wang Qi, I will kill you!
Among this rusted fear in my heart
our pride that lurks in the same landscape.
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuous line.
Lord Zhao Zhuang!
they had all the less ability to stop their charge.
stayed where they were and watched over the battle.
Why is he rushing so much...? Thought
They have a connection, after all.
Charge!
But as this was happening, the Qin Army military commanders were holding back different Zhao Armies among the mountains.
at a glance, there didn't seem to be any Zhao Army that could attack Wang Qi's group's rear.
When he predicted that someone may appear,
Y-You have a point.
Stop Wang Qi!
What's going on?! The front lines are shouting!
Pang Nuan is simply bait meant to lure Wang Qi to the battlefield.
He is a man feared as the Mystery Bird of the State of Qin, Thought
Changwenjun.
The means are a trifling matter.
Wang Qi...
What's this uproar?!
That's right. We are plenty qualified to see Pang Nuan's end for ourselves.
If Wang Qi is accepting this one-on-one match, then... Thought
The winner of their match will determine the winner of this war!
if this headquarters falls after that, we will not be able to adapt to the Qin Army's movements.
In order for them to win this war, they need to defeat the headquarters.
Ah, thanks.
We're the only just observing instead of fighting.
The secrets that person held were incredibly complex...
And Liao was...
is now at the center of a historic battle.
and the State of Zhao Supreme Commander, Pang Nuan.
Gripped in that deeply personal battle
is a truth that interrupts the rain.
our pride that lurks in the same landscape.
those are scenes that won't disappear.
Wang Qi and Liao
Lord Changwenjun!
Wh-Who are they?!
Old man, take the left!
Y-Young Lord!
loves war so much he sometimes visits the front lines...
That is quite reassuring.
and with people who would understand the circumstances she was in...
Liao's mother the daughter of one of Wang Qi's father's comrade in arms.
Where might she be?
You've fought hard.
Are you doing all right?
I mean, I may be killed at any time, after all.
And when I've captured 100 castles, please let me be your wife, Lord Wang Qi!
I'm going to do it!
Flag : Liao
Didn't I always use to treat your wounds like this?
When are you talking about?!
And even after how many...
I have come here to crush you!
and then I underwent six years of training in the mountains.
When people die, they turn to lumps of earth.
The losers fall to earth and the victors get closer to heaven.
The woman Wang Qi loved, Liao.
This war takes on a stranger form.
He was this much of a monster? Thought
That Wang Qi was hiding this?! Thought
General Wang Qi!
Yet why can I not cut him down?!
The point of this war is not obtaining victory by killing Wang Qi.
My king...
It was because of the characteristic of the State of Zhao's mounted soldiers that Li Mu led.
and were able to hurry directly to the area of the decisive battle.
In other words, the Li Mu Army's speed
This is because he had investigated that Wang Qi had never once personally fought with the armies of the northern region of Zhao.
and my army has 6,000 remaining. Thought
I am at the Verge of Death
All for just one enemy general...
For Wang Qi that could read further ahead, it was all the more so...
It's been so long since I've felt this feeling.
Our general still hasn't given up!
Protect Lord!
Separate Pang Nuan from Lord!
Protect Lord Pang Nuan!
You don't look that happy.
And now, a formerly great man will disappear,
I greatly appreciate it.
Keep moving forward without breaking the circle!
What?!
but there does not seem to be even one plan that I can enact now.
Stop that man!
Zheng needs you! Thought
you cannot defeat me. Thought
Lord!
Even if you are deprecated by people all across China, none can call you a coward, Wang Qi. Thought
That is why things such as war are uninteresting.
This is your defeat, Wang Qi.
Now it's over.
General Wang Qi... Thought
First, I will cut down Pang Nuan.
Wh-What in the world are you?!
I'm gonna make sure I get you home! Thought
is now at the center of a historic battle.
Are you certain of that?
Ah, no... When I saw him he was still breathing, but...
From the front, the enemy is charging forward, targeting these headquarters!
We've got no chance of saving him! Thought
Bastard!
and...
the faces of allies.
understood something...
Teng.
Are there any last words you would like to say to me?
In any age, the military commanders that are called the strongest
Honestly,
As you can see, that is no longer possible.
he does not make slaves out of the people of conquered lands.
Ah, sorry, I just...
You must have had nothing to do on your own.
It's totally the opposite!
So you've found it, huh?
Feixin Unit, right!
We're all going to cut through together!
But I've still got a long way to go. Thought
Yeah.
Until the day I become greatest general under the heavens, Thought
was the man known as the Demon Bird of Qin and feared across all of China,
Kill them!
and now they possess many Shen Chiefs and have become a 300-Man Unit.
The top swordsman of the Feixin Unit, Chong Yuan.
And the man that stands at the summit of the Feixin Unit...
It was the fact that this man, Shi Shi, was stationed as his advisor.
Where's my prey?
has climbed to a position of substantial control over the State of Qin
but perhaps this man, L Buwei.
Yes.
He is the one the king most favors, so there is no reason why he would disappear willingly.
Wait, Xiang!
Hey!
And I'm such a klutz.
You were chosen because your ability was recognized!
Excuse me.
M-My name is Xiang.
I have the pleasure of being your a...attendant starting today!
as well as another darkness found in an unexpected place.
you have to understand the true nature of that.
I'm sure he'll be learning what a real fight is soon.
Opponents he'll clash with and learn from, I suspect.
There are still many great people that have yet to really emerge.
Ah, what about your wife, Mr. Ze?
That battle ended in our utter victory, didn't it?
Li Mu! Thought
running around battlefields as reinforcements.
For the Feixin Unit that's fought monumentally violent battles in the war against the State of Zhao,
more and more allies are relying on them
A cute girl approach me?
This is really bad, guys!
What's wrong, Qing, Ang?
After that invasion last year, what in the world are they planning?
The current Zhao Prime Minister is...
Li Mu!
Song Zuo said we won't be fighting Zhao for a while,
G-Go on ahead!
Y-You mustn't, Lord Li Mu!
General Gongsun Long!
Besides, this will be a good opportunity to see Xiangyang and L Buwei with my own eyes.
Where did that chancellor go to, anyhow?!
Quiet down!
I was born in Yangdi, a city in the State of Han,
You called me?!
You idiot!
This man is the commander-in-chief of the army!
Probably.
You think he's scared, plunging into the middle of enemy territory like this?
Even I do not know the chancellor's true intentions.
if an unlikely situation were to arise...
N... No way!
Who the hell would do something so cowardly?!
I am the chancellor of the State of Qin, L Buwei.
I'm so glad to be able to meet you in person, Chancellor L Buwei.
Changing what country you serve as you seek success in life is a common practice in an era of warring states.
Everyone is actually quite delighted that such a remarkable figure emerged from the State of Zhao.
I do not care that you are timid,
but for some reason you appear terribly large and mighty.
Therefore, the first state that Qin should attack is not Han, but the State of Wei.
After that, only the State of Zhao would be left to help Han.
Of course, there is a condition for this.
In that time, I wish to enact arrangement for the State of Qin not to lay a hand on us!
In the late General Wang Qi's place, I, Lu Wuwei,
If we were to kill Li Mu here, the other six states would lose trust in us, and we would have many disadvantages by being isolated.
But because of that, there is room for negotiating.
Yes.
Does he mean the one in Southwest Zhao?
The chancellor is really quite fine with accepting the alliance on its own. Thought
Let me say this, Lord Li Mu,
Let's end the outsmarting game here.
You surrender Hangao Castle and a Qin-Zhao Alliance is formed,
I will hand over Hangao to you.
Good! Then the Qin-Zhao Alliance is formed.
Ancient China.
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
What?!
With these axes, Muta will cut you, who was stronger than Zhuxiong, to pieces.
And show to those Qin idiots Muta's overwhelming strength!
But if he dies in a place like this,
Step back? Me? Thought
I'm sorry for calling you here so early in the morning,
something in regard to Changwenjun's head, but...
General Wang Qi.
Oh?
war has become a dreadfully dull affair.
is what can get your blood seething?!
Long ago, we ran through the battlefield together.
So Changwenjun had mobilized his personal army there?
But what did you do in such a situation?
I'm sorry it was so much that his face became unrecognizable.
This belongs to that man, Muta.
He's close.
Okay, let us continue...
This youngster... Thought
What is this? Thought
He's getting sharper and sharper! Thought
I did it...
Even though I said, "the escape plan will work perfectly"...
I will take full responsibility.
My king...
Are spouting a load of crap!
I gaze at the fragments of a dream No more crying
If I jump high enough, I'm sure I'll reach beyond the sky
Tell me. How can I become a general?
Let's end the outsmarting game end here.
You surrender Hangao Castle and a Qin-Zhao Alliance is formed,
So, Prime Minister Li Mu, what is your reply?
Unfortunately, I'm not in a mood to bargain.
Check it out, Qiang Lei!
All right!
Absurd!
We're trying hard to endure this, too!
What is it this time?!
How you received General Wang Qi's lance at his dying hour.
I'm not thinking "It's too bad you won't die here," at all.
defeating me... is quite a difficult task.
Let me go, old man!
For that reason, an important figure in the State of Zhao's financial world,
If I hadn't gone to see that war, I wouldn't have entered this strategist school.
But anyhow, I'm glad everyone got home okay.
Even though I told you I'm your enemy.
Ah, right.
You know Xin?
We met when I went to watch the war with Zhao.
What? Why're you in such a hurry?
Oh, right. Could you?
Okay.
I've got a feeling we'll meet again.
H-Hold on!
met up with old man Changwenjun and his men,
And you didn't appear at the banquet at all.
I know that Changpingjun is on your enemy's side, but...
Well, it looks like your battle is progressing, too.
located in the former royal capital, Yongcheng.
Xin?!
Yes. The Crowning Ceremony.
I don't have time to waste on you.
I've only got five years.
I mean, with Wei Ping, we don't know if he'll be alive tomorrow.
but Xin, I decided to come here and tell it to you.
It's likely that the war to capture Wei will begin in less than a year.
No need to thank me.
Check up on the units that have gathered around this area, would you?
In order to push the line back,
Blast through in one push!
Let's go! Thought
Skirmishes continue day after day at the front lines, as usual.
Someone else targeted the headquarters?
Th-The same as us?!
But there is a reason for this.
On the battlefield, your proper existential value
Of course, we are not making light of you.
Well, I can imagine which idiot instigated this.
Which of us is a moron?
Bastard!
That stabbing technique with an ever-changing trajectory, like that of a dragon?
So there is a need for me to make it clear for you while I have the chance.
Yes.
Unlike Wang Qi, who was of a branch family,
I, Wang Ben, have inherited the blood of the main branch of the Wang family.
Aw man. He gave us our first reminder in a while.
It's okay, isn't it? He just said what he honestly thought.
Excuse?
Like hell I'm just gonna sit quietly!
Don't you get it, Ang?
Though it's a rigorous strategy that only we can accomplish...
What're you doing? Thought
However, to slip in between rotting corpses,
You okay? You look pale as a ghost.
More are coming!
How about that, Wang Ben?
we're gonna charge straight for the enemy headquarters!
Yes, sir!
A-Ang! Thought
We cannot relax until we've taken the enemy general's head!
That fully-armored mounted unit is stronger than most of the 1000-Man units around here.
You don't need to cry.
Well, uh...
That grandfather of mine sure is harsh in spite of being family.
I feel such pity for you!
So let us head for there!
We must repaint the power map within the palace in the colors of our King Faction.
But that simply is not enough.
What if the other side has been in contact with them?
Wh-Why are you... here?!
As a member of the Chengjiao Faction at the time, I was never able to find it.
Together, they form a castle of women that holds an immense power, the harem.
A messenger from the forbidden area, the harem, delivered a letter sealed with a replica of the sovereign seal.
Does that not make this a quick matter?
so she has been silent in regards to the struggle between his highness and the L Buwei Faction.
The harem, huh?
As of now, it would seem to mean that she is remaining neutral at present.
You see, even I don't know.
You, there.
Hurry, will you?
Yes, ma'am.
But, if they instead join L Shi's side...
Either way, they are opponents we will not be able to avoid.
It is true that the power of the Three Great Princely Houses is great,
Do you not see her often?
he suffered from insults and abuse every day.
Her husband, King Zhuangxiang, escaped to the State of Qin.
she laid her hands on her own child!
Closer!
Zhao Gao... Thought
The reason we do not see each other is because we do not want to remember those hellish days.
What is the meaning of this, Mother?
It seems very unlikely that you will comply, so I will refrain.
With this situation, the State of Zhao's King grew impatient
With death, please start anew, you fool.
The night is growing late.
You brat!
Honestly, you make your mother suffer like this and you still call yourself her son?
You look tired.
What do you mean, you're still considering it?!
Please let us see him first.
then you'd better hurry up and...
Don't let him get away!
Zheng?
That kid just looks like a poor little shoplifter!
If you interfere, it will only cause a greater commotion.
How about giving this woman some thanks?!
You damn Qin dog!
If that happens, even we won't be able to get out.
If we get caught, we'll be tortured and killed as traitors.
Black marketeers have tight lips, so you can rest easy.
do we cut them down?
"The reason the moon is shining brighter than usual
It's Zheng! Zheng showed his face again!
That ain't gonna happen.
he's going to be killed very soon.
Can we really get him out of here alone, Lord Dao Jian?
I was put on Xia's carriage.
Though I don't remember what happened in the events surrounding that.
What's wrong?!
So please, let me... let me explain the situation to you!
Is this reality?
Go?
So the top priority is to escape Zhao? Thought
So I'll make sure to have tea with you next ti...
Lord Zheng!
Who are these guys?
Despite their age, they're all pretty useless.
The army should already be on standby to meet us.
Who?
Stop this farce and get off the carriage.
Your father abandoned you to return to Qin seven years ago.
What?!
All of you, wait right there!
Why in the world?
If you can't feel pain, then I'll feel it for you!
What?!
That took forever, Xia!
A sand cloud!
It's the mounted unit that's been pursuing us!
What?!
It can't be done. Thought
We'll never evade the mounted unit all the way there! Thought
Zi Xia.
Yes, sir!
You should just go to sleep.
I had sunk into the darkness, but this person has reached her hand out to me.
I no longer feel any hesitation or fear.
I will go to the State of Qin and become king!
You're awake?
Most likely about two ke.
Don't give up!
It's all because you extended your hand out to me.
Damn State of Qin monkeys.
Let me show you our power.
I overestimated my own power... Thought
I guess saving a person's life isn't that simple. Thought
Hold on to the reins tightly.
The soldiers from the rendezvous point are heading this way!
Please, stay still!
Why?
I won't let you... kill this boy.
Hang in there, Zi Xia! We're almost there!
Lord... Zheng...
But, because of those difficult experiences, there is no person like you who will become a king.
Lord Zheng... Your face...
Yup.
the State of Qin dispatched a huge army of over 200,000.
Meng Ao. Theres a sign somewhere else that doesn't pop up
Meng Ao's army is split in three.
Do take caution.
Got that?
And when that happens, we'll be your superior officers
to request their aid, your majesty,
I suppose the queen dowager truly is an incomprehensible person.
your rush to try and repaint the power map of the royal palace
The heads of the Liao, Fan, and Jie families have just arrived.
Wh-What?!
The heads of the Three Great Princely Houses that support the power of the harem from the shadows
even L Buwei will think twice before meddling with us!
I'm scared... It's so dark...
Come, right this way.
Wh-What's going on? Thought
Are you really sure?
For the power of the harem you rule
just to get a glance at her dancing. Thought
That is because a man called L Buwei loved me from the bottom of his heart and vowed to spend eternity with me.
And how you made him promise you the position of chancellor.
If you were a man who made excuses at this point,
It's my turn to do the morning cleaning again today, huh?
Xiang! Wake up!
Meanwhile, at the royal capital of Xiangyang,
The court lady, Xiang, happened to witness that scene
Take a route where we won't be noticed.
His majesty...
I'm not... Bai Chun... My name is... Yang.
Xiang got mixed up in some kind of incident...
your majesty.
Please save her.
Yes, your majesty!
Xiang!
It's amazing she's even still alive right now.
Y-Your... majesty...
The queen dowager and Chancellor L Buwei...
If I was of help... I'm glad.
I can finally sleep.
And her meeting with me was most likely just to reaffirm her lack of motherly emotions towards me. Thought
First, he split the armies into four to attack from the North, South, East, and West.
Shit. So those guys got further to the front, huh?
And they're mounted.
We've still got a long way to go.
The rumors had said that the general of the Yuehua Unit was a Thousand-Man General... Thought
What's with this 300-Man General?
Honestly, I'd rather become a civil officer.
The Feixin Unit led by Xin.
Three generals that, while young, have rendered great achievements.
Wait. What of the East?
Something odd?
Indeed. I can feel it.
The reserve army is to sortie immediately!
The Feixin Unit, led by Xin, was organized with the East Army's reserve army.
and Meng Tian of the Yuehua Unit.
Wh-What?!
The hell is with all these arrows?!
Don't move carelessly.
However...
Vis... it...?
Yeah, it's the truth.
But more importantly, you must quell those vulgar rumors at once.
we are already have a suspect in regards to the source of the rumors.
Si Shi, how are the events playing out?
What is going on here, Lord Li Si?!
It would look unnatural to anyone's eyes! Thought
Now, the difference in power between the enemy and us
of all things, he has entered an illicit relationship with the State of Qin Queen Dowager!
Understood?!
We can't do some dull shit like that!
And isn't it the job of us special units to do something besides the usual measures?
I'm not sure.
However, the State of Qin Army soldiers showed clear impatience
He brought out that monstrous thing?!
Sure is.
Knock every last one of them down to the ground!
Even from a distance, I can tell, Wang Ben.
But because they ended up being the impetus for victory,
We should temporarily retreat.
You... and you... and you...!
Hey, old man!
Piao is... Piao is...
You piece of shit!
until over one hundred states were reduced to merely seven.
Among this rusted fear in my heart
No one can take it away,
Here you go! While you wait!
Plan?
With the ability that man has,
Thanks, Diao.
Her and the other one who helped you in Heibei Village...
Lord Piao?
Xin!
Was there somebody here by that name?
Wait for me!
Where are they?
Do not make a ruckus.
What the hell old man, you're still alive?
Muta's life force is a menace...
My lord!
Lord Bi! Orders!
But Wang Qi's army was... Normal
too strong!
Don't falter! Stay focused!
It's over... Thought
I believed that, but...
be that simple!
and conscript solders collected from commoner families.
I see...
Then it's a deal!
Acknowledged.
What the hell's he talking about, Zheng?!
With that, it sounds like you had nothing but enemies in the royal palace!
All we can do is watch over the movements of L Shi and Jie Shi here, and wait for an opportune time to recover.
there is no army in Qin that can help us!
Lemme see it for a sec!
Let me see, dammit!
There is a way.
Th-There is a way!
B-But it's been 400 years since we've allied with them...
To weave together my breaking heart
the story of the Majiu Soldiers.
has started an invasion of Qin's neighboring state, Wei.
The guys who set up that smokescreen are waiting there on their horses. Thought
What just happened?
In other words... Gaolang Castle had fallen.
Lord Wang Ben.
Hey! Xin from the Feixin Unit!
Dragging out that huge thing!
Let me go Mr. Yuan! Why're you stopping?!
Bastard!
You've gotta let me go Mr. Yuan!
I know.
Get out of here,
That moron. He jumped out on his own.
Sheathe your sword, Xin.
Guys like you that spout stuff about how "this is reality"
Nevermind, kill him!
Why is he getting off scot-free and we have to go through an interrogation?!
He didn't get off scot-free. He's being imprisoned for one night.
Wait, listen! It wasn't just us!
Why did you save that guy?
You've got a point.
Y-Yes.
Well, I'm her big sister.
It's Chun.
You two are sisters after all.
Thanks to Meng Tian's maneuvering, the uproar over Xin's attacking of the Thousand Man General Luo Yuan
captured Wei Castles as well.
It was a favorable start for the State of Qin Army.
It has been three years since you defected to my kingdom.
There is nothing I have ever been more thankful for.
 Flags - Zhao 
General Lian Po isn't stopping!
General Lian Po, just what in the world are you thinking? Thought
is the man who was enthroned as King of Zhao this year, King Daoxiang.
From when he was only the crowned prince, the ill-mannered King Daoxiang was frequently remonstrated by Lian Po.
If you do not comply, then I, Yue Chang,
must bring you to Handan by force.
Do you think you can do that?
I cannot understand... Why he would do such a thing... Thought
So, how 'bout it, Yue Chang. Do ya give up?
King Daoxiang, that's really not gonna work out.
And so, Lian Po took with him his long-time subordinate officers
I should've known you'd catch wind of this.
our hearts pounded and we felt like we'd fly right off the ground.
Your skills haven't rusted, have they?
Yes, sir?!
H-Hey, you bastards!
Don't let them win again! Go!
A heavy infantry unit.
The super-strong-three of the Feixin Unit!
Our pride is in not carrying any sorta cheap pride!
Geez.
One person fell!
I'll be right there.
I took it upon myself to try to help you out,
Meng Tian had mentioned,
But he still seemed like such a pleasant person.
the State of Qin began its invasion of the neighboring State of Wei.
Let's not lose to any nobles or warrior class families, Xin!
Thousand-Man General Guo Bei! Thought
We'll search every nook and cranny of this place until we catch the guy that killed Thousand-Man General Guo Bei!
Thousand-Man Generals?
Yes. A rat with considerably large fangs.
About those assassins, does this affair feel strange at all to you?
With the death of Wu Qing, there is no general of the State of Wei that would attempt a strategic move of that caliber.
Yes, I know.
is packed full with heavily armed soldiers.
That's just unrealistic. Thought
Th-That is not what I mean...
And through it, he crossed swords...
No way! How in the world...?! Thought
He stopped it?! Thought
I guess I won't be forced to kill you, then.
Now, I must be going.
It looks like despite his age, this boy has quite some experience. Thought
He has far more than the Thousand-Man Generals I slew. Thought
I am a fully-fledged general.
What?! A Full General?!
Oh, right. Thought
Plus I thought he was a 300-Man General, but he turned out to be a Full General.
He's not just strong.
All of China has recognized that Lian Po isn't coming back anymore,
Xin has Wang Qi's lance?! Thought
We're already playing into Lian Po's hands.
The motive?
Oh? You didn't know that back then, he was communicating with the States of Wei and Zhao?
though he had to keep his visit a secret.
But you certainly...
That may distract you from your boredom. Flashback
Yep, that's right!
This will not be my father's first time fighting Lian Po.
You know that Father and I were originally from the State of Qi, yes?
But he has not fought Lian Po since then.
The rations aren't enough to fill my stomach.
Those higher-ups sure are stingy bastards, ain't they, Gramps?
Hey, Gramps, you're freakin' huge, ain'cha?!
Just trying to escape reality for a bit.
And it's more serious the longer your service time.
Yep. He's a monster.
You've still gotta fight monsters even as an old man?
What do you think, Qiang Lei?
If you think about it reasonably, it will be Wang Ben and Meng Tian...
The first is...
Meng Tian of the Yuehua Unit!
Damn, it was them after all.
I...
Xin.
Lord XIn, the general is calling you.
R-Right.
Therefore, in order to silence those voices,
And what's more, I'm not thinking about some little thing like the head of one general.
By the decision of Ying Zheng, the king that wished to unite all of China,
Wang Ben, Meng Tian, and Xin.
We intend to devote our lives to the Feixin Unit from this day forward,
Of course.
Let's go, Feixin Unit!
With the Feixin Unit being reborn from a Thousand-Man General, this was a superb start.
Additionally, we do not have the luxury of being able to send reinforcements.
But now that we have an alliance with the State of Zhao, this is our only chance.
Yes... My goal is the uniting of China.Thought
I'm the one that made a promise.
At the end of this day, the strife within the royal palace calms.
Why's he always so uptight? Geez...
Just what are they...? Thought
Passed?!
Will we all be okay?
And now, Lian Po has finally reached the land of the decisive battle, Shanyang.
I'll give you a passing grade for now.
Shut up!
Don't bother Xin and the others.
I just said, that's the left!
L-Lord Qiang Lei, where did you study the art of war?
Ain't Qiang Lei awesome?
It seems he's made an encampment there!
Taking a distance is used frequently by strategists that like change.
So, what is going on with Meng Ao's headquarters?
You bastard, don't head butt me!
I'll beat the shit outta you!
Just do it, Long Chuan!
Go! Thought
Strength tests like these aren't just about a match of who's the brawniest. Thought
and make it explode! Thought
When that happens, I think I'll really be able to move forward with all of you.
I'll leave once I've completed my work.
Now that's more like it.
Let's go, Feixin Unit!
the State of Qin began its invasion of the neighboring State of Wei.
Right.
Meng Ao is an exceedingly average general...
The State of Qin Army Supreme Commander, General Meng Ao, arrived at the location of the decisive battle, the Liuyin Plain.
General Meng Ao.
Huan Ji the Beheader.
Who the hell is that?!
Next, Jiang Yan!
You really think I'd do that?
N-No. I don't think I...
Ah, now this is bothersome... Thought
The White Elder is getting excited.
So the time has finally come.
Wang Ben probably honestly wishes he didn't draw that lot...
Lord Ben, being in the first formation is truly an unexpected opportunity, isn't it?
And him, as well. Thought
This is a critical battle that will determine the flow of this war!
Fifth unit! Get in formation!
Yes, sir!
The ninth unit was caught by the enemy from the rear!
Zhou! Go aid the ninth unit!
our strength is being split apart. Thought
These newly-added soldiers are quite elite, Thought
New enemies are approaching from the left! Thought
The left, too?!
Young generals take on this relentless battlefield in hopes of rendering great military achievements.
H-Hold on a second.
No! Victory or defeat in this battle against vanguard units that started off with similar numbers
will have a huge effect on both armies' morale!
You heard what state the first formation is in!
How about Mr. Yuan? Thought
The second formation is charging.
Longzhi!
Bring Lord Ben back!
Sorry, you're not getting away.
He only stabbed me back.
The first unit has been divided!
The fourth unit...
Lord Lun Hu, there are cheers coming from the left side.
I can hear it.
At the same time, the unit will split in half and one group will join the mounted units.
If the enemy comes in here, you should immediately...
I think we really should quit this after all, Chu Shui.
Suddenly trying to use coordination techniques like this ain't gonna work.
B-But that would defeat the whole point of finally becoming a Thousand-Man-
There is one extremely simple and easy arrangement we should have while fighting as a Thousand-Man Unit.
That's odd. I didn't expect the State of Wei Army's dominance to be overturned this easily.
General Lian Po, what's this sound?
Wait, they're coming from behind, too!
was able to follow the State of Wei Army units precisely.
After all, once they're caught by that man's techniques, there's no hope for escape.
Qiang Lei!
They're making sounds to show where we are.
And the more pressing matter is that in this smoke,
I think we should exit the smoke for the moment...
Y-Yeah...
This ain't good.
Dammit!
Focus on the foot soldiers!
The State of Wei's armored chariots!
Focus on the foot soldiers!
In addition, there is a certain pleasant feeling in battles I know no substitute for.
Of course, surrounded by smoke, the State of Qin soldiers knew nothing about this.
Every once in a while you can hear this high-pitched bell ringing, right?
Yes. So if we create a sound similar to that one from where we are,
First, we need everyone to find everything nearby that's making that sound and cut them all down!
I've only just realized this, but there is also a different lower, echoing sound...
They're probably sending some bigger signal.
If that happens, the Feixin Unit will be completely split apart and thus in grave danger.
I think we should request mounted reinforcements!
But that smokescreen isn't just any ordinary smoke.
Send a signal to the sound units to change the bells!
Follow!
That means we're close to the source of the smokescreen.
You don't need to tell me every little thing!
Those State of Qin fledglings.
Yes, sir.
What?!
G-Go, Thousand-Man General!
was because he had tricks setup to compensate for it.
You just don't get it, do you?
W-Wait you guys!
Lord Xin... Thought
Fifth unit, sixth unit, forward!
Seventh unit, eighth unit, unfold!
Reinforcements to the enemy defense are coming!
It doesn't matter!
Are they changing formation?!
Bastard!
Yes, sir!
If I'm being ambitious, I actually wanted to trample them one more time,
Shit! Shit!
The Feixin and Yufeng Units
Lord Meng Tian?
If those two didn't attack the headquarters
The Great White Elder himself came to inspire us!
I came here to express one strategy to you all.
Defense!
That was Meng Ao's style of raising excitement.
Urgent report!
The Wang Jian Army has started to be pushed back!
Then what about the next units?!
but this irregular attack frustrated him internally.
has once again attacked the enemy's supply unit!
He's bound to present some new move soon... Thought
Using nothing buy cowardly tactics... you State of Qin monkeys...
It was...
Open them for me.
Huan Ji the Beheader. Thought
doing such a thing is unworthy of the name head of the Four Heavenly Kings.
It seems I have been given power over this left army for the time being.
Apparently the enemy's main army's on the move!
His plan has a fatal flaw.
I have to give them credit for having the guts to sense us coming, but not run. Thought
Just as I thought, Lord Xuan Feng's inference was correct.
You may be ignorant,
But there's no reason to feel lonely, Xuan Feng. Thought
He got revenge for us, the central army!
All right!
I can't believe it... That old man got done in that easily? Thought
General Lun Hu, I understand how you feel, but we really must begin the war council.
and I was saved by my lord when I was at the verge of starvation.
I honestly get pretty annoyed.
We're coming in now!
C'mon, Wang Ben, Xin, sit down.
Don't tell me what to do!
they actually drew back, rushing to regroup their army.
Hey, did you do some investigating on Lun Hu, Wang Ben?
The head of the Four Heavenly Kings, Jie Zifang,
And the last one, the one we're opposing now, Lun Hu.
the most dangerous one among the Four Heavenly Kings is indeed Lun Hu.
and struck a blow on him.
He struck a blow... on Wang Qi?! Thought
Hold on a second!
I'm the one who first formed a connection to that guy, and my goal is the head of one general!
Anyone can talk big.
You idiot, you don't know your place.
Yuehua Unit!
Okay, how 'bout we get going then?
Keep your heads level and fight!
Lord Lun Hu, there is one enemy unit that is charging straight for us!
The same goes for the Yufeng Unit and Feixin Unit.
the situation has majorly changed.
It ain't ridiculous!
For the things they can't let go of!
So, what're you gonna do, Wang Ben?
It depends on your strategy.
We're working out this plan because I can't do that, aren't we? Flashback
What?!
the Yuehua Unit will not target Lun Hu. Flashback
Just one...
Ancient China.
I've never heard of a Mountain King,
but because it mutually benefits them all, they've also formed an alliance.
Quit lagging behind, you guys!
We need to have our king meet the Mountain King as soon as possible! Thought
Yes, sir!
I... I'm all right.
My lord?
P-Please, wait!
It was an enemy state, but to save the people suffering from hunger,
But...
That's why they're worth allying ourselves with!
Hey! Hold up, Zheng!
It's not something he can do.
we gouge out both eyes and drop them from a waterfall.
Our king knows all.
Xin!
That's not what you call inviting him.
It's taking him captive.
Hey! Don't just say that like it's nothing!
Hey!
I knew your leg was wounded, old man!
Follow the king, please!
No point bowing your head, old man.
I'm leaving the king to you!
By the decision of Ying Zheng, the king that wished to unite all of China,
and take down Lun Hu!
No, wait.
B-But sir!
They're probably targeting the joining points of the defense.
Correct?!
It's not that simple.
Don't move until I give the signal!
No, I don't think so.
When attacking Lun Hu, you can be sure that the mighty Lun Hu soldiers will be a major barrier.
It looks like you've really resolved yourself this time, Meng Tian. Thought
The Yuehua Unit is very capricious. Thought
If you show outright enthusiasm... Thought
Like hell we are!
We're heading out, Yufeng Unit!
Yes, hurry!
Don't mind the small fries!
This is...
They acted alone and invaded the enemy headquarters without hesitation.
It's the headquarters! Let's go!
Left and right units! Retreat immediately!
O-One is coming from the right as well!
Lun Hu soldiers are appearing here?!
Kill them!
Chu Shui!
I'm going to have to come up with something when going into the major stages of the war.
There won't be anything else major.
It's Xin.
What was that, bastard?!
I do believe the one I should be attacking first is... Thought
Damn. I can't see a thing in all the dust that's kicking up!
But the difference with this boy is incredible. Thought
Woah, there.
Don't relax yet!
Because both your lives are going to end today.
But... Thought
The one who's gonna cut this guy in half...
and the ones like General Wang Qi and Lian Po that both their allies and enemies keep a close watch on
the Wang Jian Army is continuing to retreat from the Jiang Yan Army's attacks.
How are the Wang Jian Army headquarters moving?
Urgent report! Urgent report!
Close up the encampment!
There's always a heavy air surrounding this man... Thought
never seem like eyes looking at an ally. Thought
the enclosed land?!
Bi!
and attack the Jiang Yan and the State of Wei Army!
I know that.
Around this time, the Yuehua Unit that had been the first to penetrate the headquarters was...
The back is at their limit!
We paid no small price in exchange for attacking the headquarters...
I'm not sure at this point,
Don't forget that this is a surprise attack, you two. Thought
You know, there are some walls in this world that cannot be overcome.
We're the ones watching over the generals' fight!
What?!
I think I might... have understood something. Thought
I perhaps... let my guard down. Thought
You will now be acting as a general of 5,000
There's nothing Jiang Yan can do! Thought
on top of reducing the enemy's manpower by firing arrows from a high ground, Thought
Don't slow down!
We can't! It's so crowded up ahead we can't move!
If they flood their one, narrow exit, Thought
What is it this time?!
You are Jiang Yan, correct?
How could we have not noticed the presence of enemy reinforcements?!
What?!
You won't be mere underlings.
He's appointing people at a time like this?!
You will not regret it, Jiang Yan.
Are you saying they predicted that this place would become a battlefield?
But even if you had your army hidden, there is no way you could have formed an army like that and kept it secret from us!
No, we were not aware of everything.
And in order to make that retreat seem natural,
It is beyond the realm of humans.
So you've finally started moving, have you, my lord?
the appearance of Lian Po
That vigor the State of Wei Soldiers have...
is because even at a high estimate, his army probably only numbers 1,000! Thought
Lian Po has been trying to measure what degree of a military commander Wang Jian is on this battlefield.
Lord Bi! Get further ahead!
In my case, Liao, I suppose.
That one's attacks were intentionally brutal.
And the more irritated I'd become, the more he would relax and dodge my assaults.
Anyhow, you must hurry ahead!
It's not often you see a military commander that is crafty enough to construct a castle during a maneuver. Thought
And losses brought from an unprepared siege on a castle are harsh. Thought
It's become a nearly impossible task to slay him now. Thought
Surround that fortress!
Forget Yan Jiang, I don't understand anything about you... Thought
At the position of Vice General,
There is no need to deny it. Thought
N-No!
The pain is completely gone...
Of course not! Absolutely not!
But I've only managed to make enough to fill one of these shells.
Well, he wasn't a monster like Pang Nuan,
And I also...
Well, look. We had all those sacrifices but we failed.
But I'm definitely going to take responsibility for it!
Next time, I swear I'll take him down with my own hands!
No, you won't.
If you're not doing well, feel free to die.
Lord Xin?
Guess he can't see me.
The Yuehua, Yufeng, and Feixin Units will all be getting along here as a rear reserve unit today.
Rear... unit...?
Yeah, makes sense.
But General, what about the morale we worked so hard to raise!
So basically, general, you're giving us permission to...
So until that opportunity arises, you can just stare at my ass from behind!
Your name is Wei Liang, right?
What?! There's a huge dust cloud rising over there!
Lord Meng Tian!
It's Lun Hu!
What a fighting style...
General Meng Ao!
Wait, Feixin Unit!
Why, old messenger guy?!
All right!
You'd best not make the mistake of thinking I'll be weaker today than I was yesterday.
If you're the enemy, your only choices are to force your way through the front or go around to the back.
Call all soldiers!
Looks like he's not game for it.
and would first thoroughly stop Lian Po's central army's attack. Thought
The same strategy. Thought
Of course, this something anybody could think up. Thought
The real issue is what comes next. Thought
The way those battlefields are being handled differ. Thought
While Xuan Feng was taken out fairly early, Thought
Not only has the other side of your main force which you're relying on lost its ability to function, Thought
The reason I gave Bai Guixi the title of Great General Thought
I've prepared for it. Thought
Of course. Thought
Where is Lian Po attacking from?!
My lord!
If you enter this stronghold, the one to die will be you! Thought
Maintain vigilance!
We've fulfilled our duty as the rear guard, Thought
Lian Po is moving!
D-Don't lose your head!
General... Ally units are being beaten all over.
Incredible!
Not only is the enemy being halted, they're being annihilated!
Show them just how powerful we are!
If we get too big, we won't be able to turn back if we hit a dead end!
The general went off to the right himself?
They dodged another trap!
Even if he can't see them, he can make a rough prediction of where they're located.
Th-Then he knew from the first time he saw the stronghold that there were traps?
The path the general is pointing us in can't be wrong!
I'm well aware, Lian Po. Thought
that I will use your cleverness against you! Thought
Fire!
I know... Thought
If I take my eyes off this guy for an instant Thought
Fight with your neighboring Wu!
Lord Xin, leave the direction of the unit to me.
And in response to that, the other units are fighting even harder. Thought
Xin of the Feixin Unit.
If you fall here, the entire State of Qin Army will collapse.
And we'll go take down Meng Ao in no time.
This is bad! Thought
Lord Lun Hu!
If you'd continued as you were, this battle would have been over quickly.
Fighting with only one good leg
Where is General Lian Po?!
Then we'll just keep shooting at anything that moves, and that will end it!
I thought there would be a plan to later shift it.
But in order to remake the paths to lead enemies into traps after they entered the maze
This fortress really is well constructed.
you're still 100 years too early to match wits against me, Meng Ao!
Even if he escaped the traps, he should still be inside the maze!
But... Wang Jian is halted at that rear fortress
and Huan Ji's location is still unknown!
That's it! He's at his limit!
Wait!
A single moment. Just one moment is all I need. Thought
just how important a one-on-one fight is to the commander... Thought
I felt... a response! Thought
I cannot... lose here.
It started out as a very common story.
A small village caught up in a war.
B-But please, before me, help my sister...Flashback
I'm afraid we can't. Flashback
By the Great General, Lian Po!
We're all standing and fighting on our own legs!
Yeah!
And in his place... I met another out-of-this-world person.
but I know it wasn't some flighty thing like the heavens or whatever!
But there are definitely miracles brought about by the heavens... Thought
The era is shifting to the next world of wars. Thought
was arranged by the heavens as well? Thought
You were quite strong, Xin of the Feixin Unit.
Lun Hu...
I think we can save him if we stop the bleeding!
Long Chuan, search carefully!
Let's go, too!
Shut your mouth, you bastard!
You call yourself a member of the Feixin Unit?!
Damn. Am I really this much of an idiot? Thought
He's from our Shen!
Even though he wasn't in great shape to being with... he fought alone...
Qiang Lei...
And when that's done, if I come back again... Flashback
Are these Jie Zinfang's men?
What an awful thing to say...
Yeah. I took down Lun Hu just like I said I would.
Let me go.
Is Vice Captain Qiang Lei really okay?!
Yeah. They're this way.
Think about it a bit.
There was this horrible law in the place she grew up.
Ever since then, she's been traveling to avenge her sister.
It's possible...
but could you keep treating her like you always have, guys?
She's... one of our precious comrades.
Wei Ping actually said something pretty decent.
Can you stand?
Mr. Yuan, how is the enemy army looking?
So they have the advantage?
So the moment has finally come, has it? Thought
Yes, sir!
Please be all right, Grandpa. Thought
Xin!
Let's hurry!
The fact that they keep concentrating on me Thought
Gather in front of Lian Po!
Th-The lord! Protect the lord!
The battle has only just begun.
M-My lord!
You haven't aged too gracefully.
He's all right! The lord is all right!
It wasn't close at all!
I'm already at the age where I'm looking at retirement,
was all...
How was that? An attack filled with 40 years' worth of fervent emotions?
Xin! If you're feeling weak, then rest!
Y-Yeah.
and did nothing but devote ourselves completely to clashing them with each other.
Th-This is... Lian Po! Thought
my heart's been hurting like it's being squeezed. Thought
he resonated with me very little.
is because of your resentment that one year ago...
I'm fine. If I just sharpen them they'll be good as new.
But like hell I'm backing down! Thought
Not convinced?
about the passing of eras!
But if you try to find some meaning in this fight,
Take him down!
Who is that bastard?
Everyone, look!
Y-You bastard...
but I've got some sympathy for you.
If you get down on your hands and knees and desperately beg for forgiveness,
Hurry up and kill me!
Yeah, right.
What an idiot. I really would have spared him if he'd just have begged for his life.
That's the pride of a soldier for ya.
W-We did it! We won!
No.
Let's take down Meng Ao and even the state of the war!
it really will be our victory!
But there's still one more enemy we can't handle. Thought
We've lost.
until over one hundred states were reduced to merely seven.
Opening
No one can take it away,
But man, Young Master Bi,
I don't really care, but if you don't hurry it up, we're leaving you behind!
Shit! Shit!
Don't underestimate nobles!
If we can sneak in, I don't think a rescue would be difficult to pull off.
I get it!
What is it?
How the hell is this a country village?
Y-You're kidding, right?
It may seem like there are no borders between the Mountain World and the Flatland World,
Tajif feels sorry for you.
The tragedies they endured were unimaginable.
and furthermore, in the 1,000 years of history leading up to his reign,
What I am saying is that the problem here is deeply ingrained.
You are quite good at acting the virtuous king.
So impertinent...
I-I'm first?!
he will be swallowed by the whirlpool of hatred...
but in the end, he brought about nothing more than a temporary stretch of stability.
If you go back these past 500 years... No. Even further than that...
Everyone is happy that the first king uniting the Mountain World in hundreds of years has been born.
Peel off the King of Qin's skin while he's still alive, and dry it in the sun!
Not particularly.
Do you have some hesitation?
Do not open your mouth that spouts nothing but old malice again!
Everyone, listen closely!
we will now go to take back the King of Qin's throne that was unjustly taken!
All armies, depart to the field with the preparedness to fight to the death!
At an overwhelming disadvantage,
If we slay Meng Ao, the state of battle will be even!
If you take a look at the battlefield as a whole...
Wang Jian... Wang Ben's dad, huh? Thought
I hereby forbid any further attacks on State of Wei soldiers!
I humbly apologize.
How about we settle a matter here?
What, youngster?
You're even dumber than you look.
someone that seeks to be a Great General.
Th-That's a lot... Thought
And at one time... we constructed the perfect era!
Th-That's something a bit too disconnected from reality...
Once both armies have calmed down, we
Yes, sir!
You finally did it, eh, General Meng Ao!
It's regrettable.
It sure is intense around here!
Do you know the details of the war?
Yeah, that's right!
Xin?
Yup, she fell.
With your heart being so feeble, there's one thing I wanna say to you...
No matter how far away you are, you can bet we're supporting that small frame of yours.
Now get going, Qia
Xin!
The hero of the State of Zhao, Lian Po,
would never return to his homeland in his lifetime.
Nothing happened last night!
his highness seemed very happy.
Huh? What, old man?!
Thank you.
Good on ya, Boss!
The general will rise two court ranks,
Why were those eyes tinged with such a fierce light? Thought
What?!
Someone who was temporarily promoted received the third achievement?
A-Are you all right?
Hey!
Thank you.
Though it was not clear why, at this moment, all those watching were mesmerized by the sight of those two.
It looks like your path is overlapping with mine now.
Yeah. He said to blow away the old legends.
Well, to be honest,
I like the sound of that.
Let's go, you bastards!
Lord Meng Tian.
Thanks for all the hard work. How'd the battle turn out?
I feel bad for their enemies.
Due to their consecutive defeats,
Ever since the new Feixin Unit was formed... we haven't had a single victory!
But Vice Captain Chu Shui has been doing it in her place now...
Mr. Yuan and me.
There's nothing else it could be, you idiot!
Xin, this is too much.
Y-Yeah.
Wh-What do we do?!
A-A strategist?!
It's been 10 days since our talk with Meng Tian.
Meng Yi, what're you doing here?!
Why? You were contacted, weren't you?
Did you not hear about it?
I'm here to help, Xin!
Well, we can figure that out later.
A woman?
Xin!
So, let me reintroduce myself.
Yes. I've heard that Lijing could become an opening to take back Shanyang.
Gotcha.
Diao! How bout we go take a piss together?! Flashback
What do you mean "bast of the mountain"?!
There are three paths from there!
Diao, how is it you know about the area?
I'm well aware of the jealousy against new strategists.
You know that I'm here because if you keep at this the way you've been doing it, there'll be irreparable damage, right?!
Knock it off, Tian You.
What is it?
Well either way, you're pretty cute.
The Long You Unit is requesting aid as well!
Those two units aren't fighting in strategically critical locations.
The more critical areas are the places Pei Lang, Chong Yuan, and Tian You are protecting.
But we haven't gotten any word from them at... Thought
Why is this State of Wei unit so strong?!
Have there been any changes in the Feixin Unit headquarters?
No.
A girl?
She found our totally isolated units wandering around as well.
Diao, the enemy's in sight!
I see...
Dao Qing?
Among them, about 200 are mounted soldiers!
They've suddenly moved 1,000 of their 4,000 soldiers. Thought
we won't be able to fight the remaining 3,000. Thought
Like hell I'm going to let this swallow me! Thought
Oh, the enemy has split up!
With their path of retreat suddenly cut off, the enemy units are sure to fall into confusion.
And we'll use that opportunity to mow them down!
All units, focus only on the enemy up ahead!
And if we make it through, then we will reach the heart of the enemy.
The narrow path battles are over!
Targeting the headquarters, are they?
Send reinforcements to thicken the defense!
Th-The enemy is reacting abnormally fast!
You must still be okay if you're able to fling insults!
Surround them from behind as well!
Good.
Now! The signal flag!
We did it!
Looks like they lit a fire in retaliation to their defeat.
but with a normal unit, the decoy would've been wiped out and the surprise attack would've also ended in failure!
Make sure you get that name into your skull!
No, I can't!
dozens of people could die.
When you go to war, you'll kill somebody.
I'm just saying that I knew that, but it's a lot heavier than I imagined!
That hurts!
Wh-What is it?
Okay, let's go!
the State of Qin units that had successfully subjugated the Shanyang region
Man, they're slow!
No, they're not!
Who're those all-black guys?
Chanpingjun and... Li Si!
Regarding the government, it will be under the rule of our head of government administration, Li Si,
As well as an indicator that this would be a national policy for the next time as well.
I've got to go and awaken that one soon.
Border security for the neighboring State of Chu, a large kingdom which requires constant guard.
But the one actually operating that army behind the scenes is Li Mu.
Pang Nuan... Thought
I see... Thought
Ju Xin.
O-One handed?!
That's because their size can actually be an encumbrance.
A national border of 5 different kingdoms.
Somehow or other, I was getting pretty used to it. Thought
This isn't good.
For the State of Qin, this is unknown land.
Got it!
Watch out for the thicket on the left!
Drink this, slowly.
That's a country we've never fought with before.
It... It wasn't any place's castle...
China was once split between over 100 kingdoms
But I've heard that there are actually small, fragile kingdoms existing in the mountains that weren't absorbed by the 7 states.
A-Are you sure about acting on our own like this?
there were major movements in Xiangyang.
The Yuezhuo family as well!
Yubo Shi has also yielded from being neutral to the chancellor's side.
But for them to move this quickly...
I'm honestly surprised that while Changpingjun and I were away from Xiangyang
Sorry, sorry.
And... because you've gotten a bit rusty.
I'll be clearing away all of the resentment I've amassed.
Prime Minister is the highest seat.
Do we have no choice but to start over from square one?
No!
Come with me.
My king!
and a pureblooded member of the royal family.
Lend me your strength, Chengjiao!
Don't look down on me and give me orders.
You've gotten yourself a very comfortable seat, haven't you, Si Shi?
Even while he is not a pure-blooded member of the royal family,
That much, I am willing to do.
Seven days?
What are you talking about?
There are seven days until it is officially decided!
Xin and the others were drawing towards the illusory small country of Xu which was supposedly attacked by the Han Army.
What the hell happened here?
Mother!
So you're saying...
Mounted unit, charge!
Xin, be careful!
I know!
Mother! Mother!
In other words, you make your livelihood by selling information?
I have no excuse.
This is a weak method that the weak use in order to survive in a warring world.
Not long ago, a Han unit wandered into the sea of trees
Don't sweat it, gramps.
What if the Han Army attacks again?
Okay! I'll never forget you, either!
So even though we took a detour, we'll end up getting to Dongjin Castle faster.
Man, that's one huge carriage.
In the earlier political disturbance, L Buwei took the position of Prime Minister, the highest cabinet minister position.
Should I breathe a sigh of relief here? Thought
Well done, my king.
While you have swallowed the poison that is your younger brother.
You rotten young king... Thought
Wei Ping, what's wrong?
Mr. Ze, that's really not realistic.
I know.
Yeah. You can make medicine out of this.
I know, Lusui. Thought
So, that's a compliment then?
Do you have something you want to tell me?
The truth is...
Yes, thank you.
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
We'd heard that an enemy was discovered and we hid on top of a cliff.
It's been a while, Li Mu.
But to be honest, the goal of the alliance is not to keep one's hands off of their opponent.
The State of Qin gained a hugely important location called Shanyang.
then you'll never defeat me for your whole life long.
Yes. There's no use worrying.
The one I'm worried about is the one with the slanted eyes.
but when I fight, I fight with the intent to kill my opponent!
Are you seriously going to fight all-out?!
That you were definitely the sorta military commander that had tons of experience.
I'm embarassed to admit, but Diao and I were released in front of Li Mu's army.
What do you think, Wang Ben?
Interesting, Li Mu.
Something was odd about Li Mu back then.
There's going to be a storm across all of China...
we will now go to take back the King of Qin's throne that was unjustly taken!
All armies, depart to the field with the preparedness to fight to the death!
The fortuitous desire I have will definitely come true one day.
We won't throw away our weaknesses,
I just remembered...
That until the age of King Wuling of Zhao, they didn't ride horses.
That king made the first cavalry in all of China.
Apparently, they're incredibly strong!
They're that strong?!
But there's a procedure to everything.
What?!
Oh, that reminds me. Wasn't there a horse in Mr. Xi's shed?
I'm riding a horse!
Who?
Yes, my lord.
Where are the water and food supplies!?
But...
Up above.
Tajif also says that, "He doesn't have the kind of face the king likes."
C'mon, let's get going!
Everyone's really fired up right now!
Ain't it awesome?!
You'll find out later.
Lord Ying Zheng is already inside this royal palace...
He looked down on me...
Yes.
and the plan to overcome them relentlessly begins now.
And a storm of violent wars erupted for 500 years...
Among this rusted fear in my heart
is a truth that interrupts the rain.
My desire in my unbreakable heart runs like a discontinuitous line.
Can you see the especially large building in the center?
How the hell are we gonna get through all that to get to the palace?!
Yes, my lord.
Just send out 30,000 men to kill them all!
You thought so, too, Brother Bi?
We're trying to do that with 3,000.
Look, Xin! It's the city!
I see... Those who support the younger brother...
It is not 3,000.
Like when you used an ox in place of a horse for training.
Flashback Starts
Right!
They have many tribes.
Do you have any idea what's about to happen?!
You might die, ya know.
we have stationed many guards there.
This isn't good! They've got twice as many people as we do!
him!
Do not panic.
But those walls are so tall that you'll never get up them in one bound!
Unless we cross over that wall, we'll never have victory!
That's reckless! Come back, Xin!
There's a huge old man up here.
The moon I see before my eyes
the cause hasn't even been determined yet.
or petrification, occurs at the end of the second stage.
The mortality rate is 100.
This sudden claim of yours is difficult to believe.
While temporarily asleep, our patients will embark on a journey
The cause of death was Medusa.
Unfortunately, the center's capacity is limited to only 160 people.
''The Heavens shall bless you with a child.''
Hey, Shizuku.
You guys always follow the same script anyway.
Ouch!
Yes! How do you feel at the moment?
Never been better!
Next please.
Shizuku.
Even now, ALICE is registering those of you with bracelets on,
What might that be?
It's about time.
Even you say that, Shizuku...
In the fairytale, her family and servants were put to sleep, too, but I...
I'll be waiting for you, always.
Because the twelfth witch wished it so, the princess didn't die and continued to sleep.
You are only permitted to bring glasses or hearing aids into the capsules.
I welcome you all once more.
I will be taking care of you.
How many years have passed?
Calm down! Just calm down!
Wait!
Damn!
Quickly!
I'm a police officer!
Yeah, up until the world ended.
Oh, right! Didn't they say that ALICE thing was supposed to protect us in times like this?
Huh?
They don't accept collect calls.
P... Please stop!
But!
I'm not an "old man"!
Please wait, we really should stay togeth-
Check?
Let's go.
But if you slow us down, I'm leaving you behind.
I'm leaving the slow ones behind, got that?
They grew all over the castle, so it seemed it had been a forest forever.
We can't run away!
Something else from your game?
I'm sorry.
Wait.
RUN!
Stop that.
I'm all done. Don't push yourself.
I'm so sorry...
Good grief.
The truth is I bribed the staff with a little money.
I'm telling the truth, I'm-
Use the emergency stairs there to get outside.
I owe the girl a favor.
She suddenly disappeared.
All right, you're next.
Hey, you're not gonna...
Look, I can walk without using the handrails now.
But why do the two of us have to have the same disease?
Kasumi!
I should have been the only one to get sick!
From now on, we'll go at it together.
Calm down.
So what happened?
It'd be wonderful if I could save humanity in the process.
I'm leaving this to you.
Go!
Hurry!
Boy.
Why you!
Bastard, who the hell do you think you are?
How could that be...
That person said something to me before he died.
What experiment?
You could call it an experiment done to turn dreams into reality.
It's a big one.
My subordinates disposed of the creature after a bloody battle.
Something? You can't mean...
I do feel very sorry for Alice.
Why didn't I realize them?
He's gone.
The cold sleep center!
Exactly what emotion could have possibly caused that?
I won't turn my back on them.
Why would she do that?
Tim?
There you have it.
What're you doing?!
They believe if they wish hard enough, their wish will come true.
Owen!
Owen, are you okay?
Is anyone hurt?
Each and every one of them lost their lives.
You didn't get to tell the rest of it to your child, did you?
I'd say we have a fifty-fifty chance.
Idiot!
I came here with that in mind.
Where's Tim?
Come on.
And at long last...
I'm the only one who can.
One to disguise my purpose for you.
ALICE doesn't have the ability to create alternates.
How is she showing me this?
Yeah, one will for sure.
Kasumi.
This isn't a dream.
Shizuku.
I am Shizuku.
I'm doing no such thing.
I will stay the me that you desire,
I'll never do that!
Don't! Don't try to remember!
Are you okay?
Top level lab?
To Level 0, the top of the tower.
I'll stay here with you, Shizuku.
A dream that I was having while asleep in the cold sleep capsule.
Whose?
Thank you, Mr. Marco.
To where your Papa and Mama are.
Actually, since it's the first time we're getting together,
Um, I'm this film's director, Arata.
Starting today, we'll be filming this movie for real.
For the rest of the introduction...
Computer.
...Prague?
Wow.
I wonder how long it's been since I used one of those.
I saw one on a field trip in the mountains.
Kirishima!
so I thought you'd already fallen asleep.
Call me "Time Scripter"!
Either two or six.
Is the owner out?
Must be pretty careless to leave the door unlocked.
Dogagagaga
Hold this for me.
It's cold!
But why bring a phone in the first place?
Yeah, why do you ask?
No reason.
Save our tomorrow, young ladies.
Come on, gods don't exist.
They had more people around.
It'd be a big help if those people in the past would just change the future already.
They said in class that we would shift to a parallel world.
Can we go to that different future?
The adults were fuzzy on that part.
What?
You're not scared, Yagusa?
I don't need it.
Sunflower.
Where did the top go?!
and our time is better spent here than in that repeating world.
I wouldn't mind being fooled by a lie anymore.
heeeere?
It's just that dying inside something's belly
Ichimiya!
All we've done is fish by hand and dig up dirt.
Hooray!
It's hard to tell apart her "r" and "n".
I'm in the future.
What?!
Something like that.
There's a lot I want to know, so can you show us around?
I'm so excited!
Oh, we're already rolling.
but don't worry.
We put your name in the credits as the writer of the original work.
Even with all my talk about movies, none of it got through to them.
Say, did you hear it?
Don't collapse. Don't collapse.
If one's afraid of the river, one builds an embankment.
You're not going to say that you think they built the tower to replace God, are you?
That theory is just too ordinary.
Why do we build it?
I didn't want anyone from this country to hear what I have to say.
I... no, the people of this country have never traveled before.
Well...
Who knows? I only know how to stack bricks.
Kino, we should be heading back already.
The tower...
It collapsed!
From now on, what will you do?
I... I... what should I do, now?
you could, for example, make colored bricks.
Engravings...
I've not decided.
So the beautiful world...
Am I a really underhanded person?
Sometimes I can't see it any other way.
or the way other people live,
They become very dear to me.
and I think that's probably why I travel.
I know that so long as I travel,
We still have a long way to go tomorrow.
Hmph! Whatever.
Who told you that?
Murder isn't prohibited by their laws.
So that's why you're heading there?
For now, I'll try living there...
You must be from deep in the sticks.
He must get all kinds of respect.
No. Please manage your own traveling gear yourself.
Well, let's go.
and there aren't any stores with heavy shutters.
You hoped to see gangs of scoundrels strutting around,
Here's a little extra for you.
Anything else you need?
for killing people.
I see.
Will you eat it again today?
How long will you be staying in this country, Kino?
I'll be setting off today, after this.
I'll decline.
I'm sure of it.
That's my
You damn liar!
I came all the way here because I heard murder wasn't prohibited!
That's why we're all gathered here now.
but you're dangerous.
Yeah.
I want to live somewhere safe.
Farewell.
Yeah.
Why only three days in each country?
Yeah, I'm awake.
"When travelers come through, they close up shop or claim to be sold out."
I'm curious what kind of country makes them say all that.
You don't need to inspect me?
Preferably one with space to park a single motorrad.
My parents run a hotel.
Long ago?
I still do.
It's a good name.
What does it mean?
Yes.
Where would you like to go first?
so it'll take a day.
At this rate, our children will die!
And I'm the tour guide!
No complaints here!
All right, that settles it!
We've long run out of food!
until one day, when they wandered deep into the woods.
Kino, just grill it, okay?
Once I eat breakfast, we're going shopping.
Keep it.
I'd like to ask you something.
No, I don't.
All right. I'll gladly use it.
That's the spirit!
In the future, I'll inherit the inn from my mother and father,
Do you ever encounter hardships or things you hate on your travels?
I do. From time to time.
Does it make you want to stop?
You could go around to different places, like Kino.
Kino, here it is.
They're getting married awfully young.
You'll do that?
Thank you, Kino!
Unfortunately, you told us you'd only be staying for three days when you entered.
It's my first time experiencing such a kind, enjoyable country.
A pyroclastic flow's close to 1,000 degrees Celsius.
There was no time for them to escape.
So there's nothing you can do, either.
we learned that a large-scale pyroclastic flow would hit our country.
We only had two options to choose from..."
we chose to live our last days to the fullest.
but up until now, our country has been very disrespectful toward travelers.
We decided we wanted the memories that people kept of our country
I see. So that's why.
Either way, the two of you couldn't both ride me.
Yeah, it was very enjoyable.
Let's sing.
Father, Mother, we have a guest.
Welcome, traveler.
Well, let me show to your room.
If you would.
Give me another day and he'll be happily moving around again.
They have to forge a pact with someone who'll ride them.
In this case, it's a promise to help each other out.
Well, I can't go as fast as a motorrad by myself.
You're pretty skinny, yeah.
That makes traveling easier and more fun.
Hermes.
This is good. Thank you.
You're an adult, right?
The day after tomorrow, I'm getting my surgery.
However, once you're adults, you won't be afforded such freedom.
Once you turn twelve, we will perform surgery on you.
I see.
Earlier you said you were more adult than I am.
No, I'm not what you'd call a child, either.
I'm Kino.
And I travel.
so I sell herbs and things that I find along the way.
I do what I want to do.
It's an adult's precious duty to raise their children.
A-Are you i-insulting the surgery that has made all of us such fine adults?!
Tell them everything you just said was a mistake!
It's that's filthy traveler!
Am I wrong?
I feel like I might get murdered if I stay here much longer.
It's enough to give me a feel for the country,
This girl has rejected our great surgery
You're a failure.
This man leapt in front of me, so the knife meant to stab my child stabbed him instead.
After that, just think of it as a fast, heavy bicycle.
It's more stable if you squeeze the tank with your thighs.
Yeah. Sorry.
I'll tell you how to do it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I like it.
Hmm... Hermes, huh?
Don't fall asleep, Kino.
Sheep?
Are they taking a nap?
I don't like the sound of either.
That was a close call!
So lay me down and leave me here.
Then walk upstream until you can find a way out.
But I'm not going to starve or anything,
If I get too hungry,
You sure are annoying and persistent. Good grief.
Guess they couldn't escape...
Please...
Hermes! I've come to rescue you!
There's no guarantee
You're not broken anywhere, are you?
Don't blame me for this.
I bet it'd boost your vitality.
I guess luck's the one thing you've got going for you!
Something like fighting dogs.
Kino's Journey
I'd regret not taking advantage of this perfect day
I don't get it.
But it's during those times that always find other things, like the world
or the way other people live, to be wholly beautiful and wonderful.
Maybe I don't really understand it, either.
I can't do that.
Aw, talk about unfriendly.
He must get all kinds of respect.
 see. Well, we'll be on our way.
Huh?!
Do you understand that?
What a strange country.
No, it's not that I hoped to see that, but...
Thank you very much.
...for killing people.
Oh? When?
You never really know when, so I always keep it there.
We just finished with our dance group before coming here.
--Traveler. --The tea here is always so good.
Then how about tomorrow during morning tea?
 see. That's a bit disappointing.
What?! You coward!
I'll give you a quick death...
Whew... Hermes, are you all right?
Where shall we go?
That's a set policy.
This country is a paradise.
If you refuse the match, you live your life as a slave.
If I don't, my skills will get rusty before I know it.
No protests from spectators are honored, even if one is killed.
Will you yield?
What?
Then I suppose I must.
The finals are next!
Oh, right.
The previous king was a good, diligent king, but he was very strict with his son.
and no one knows where they are now.
Thanks.
"Kino's Journey"
I'd like you to yield.
So what now?
Die!
Thanks.
Kino, listen...
Yeah.
You have my heartfelt gratitude for killing my father.
Whatever you like, Shizu.
Hello.
It's a memento from my grandfather, so I brought it with me.
I know the way.
All right. Then this is farewell.
Why? What made you think that?
The long skyline, bright against my blinking eyes
And there's where you are
This way, please.
I see.
Our best mechanic performs maintenance on it, keeping it in condition to drive at any time.
We exist to be ridden.
Kino's planning to leave this country by tomorrow evening.
I see... I see... I see...
Hey!
What can I do to become a traveler like you?
No idea.
It's already cold out.
What's his deal?
I see.
And the revolution succeeded.
He couldn't handle the fact that he loved the princess he should've hated,
Whew... Hermes, are you all right?
Sorry, Hermes.
Still, every now and then, you should use your abilities to the fullest.
If you don't, your skills will get rusty before you know it.
Number 24. You've entered our country.
Don't tell me you entered our country not knowing about that, boy?
Every three months, this country holds a competition
You can use any weapon you want.
I have one question for you.
Have you ever had travelers come here ignorant of this, like I was?
Fortunately for them, they drew each other for the first round.
Seven years ago.
Hey, hey, what's this?
You fired?
It's no use.
Thank you very much.
I knew it. A flamethrower, huh?
The citizens questioned him at first,
I'm Shizu.
Why?
The answer is simple.
But it's honestly about time you yielded.
So what now?
Who's behind you right now?
Duck!
Later, mister!
They said that's where they were headed.
They did.
Later on, we the met the wife somewhere, didn't we?
Was.
Pardon me.
Oh, that?
It's a memento from my grandfather, so I brought it with me.
Even if I could do handstands, I couldn't lead you, Shizu.
Yeah. There might be things I don't know, too.
Who knows?
And there '5 where you are
Yay!
Yeah, that sounds like a wonderful guy, all right!
You've got some nerve.
Or perhaps he believed it would open up a good future for me.
She's crazy in the head.
Go do your job, slave.
My, those look good, don't they?
What?
 get it.
Oh... That's right.
Father, was I wrong?
I'm sorry, Mother.
Oh?
Hurry up and grow strong so we can have it easy!
What's going on?
I thought, "Let them all die."
Grip it.
Good. Now place your index finger on the trigger.
There. Keep it right there.
Don't take your finger off it.
Where are you?
But if I had told them...
Hey, tell me something...
 see.
I have to... live?
So that's my only choice...
It's only polite to introduce yourself.
Well?
Close your eyes, then?
"Since That Day"
and at some point, everyone started calling her "Photo."
I don't know if she feels the same way now.
l was just...
What were you remembering?
I suppose we'll have to, but...
Where is he now?
From now on, you should mind your pockets.
You know that one case I've never revealed the contents of?
Understood. I'll do that.
That's enough.
Also, the director currently dining with our statesmen said,
Maybe I'll decide later with a roll of the dice.
Sure.
The exact opposite.
She didn't kill them.
"To Whom It May Concern:
with everything we have until we exhaust our bows and arrows,
"At any rate, we may be but two amateurs,
Sincerely Yours."
That concludes the statement from the two occupying our clock tower.
The director has explained they will launch a raid operation this evening,
--and has requested the citizens remain calm and patient.
--Sounds like we can take it easy until nightfall. --and has requested the citizens remain calm and patient.
Help. Stop this already.
we're willing to give up on dying here and leave this country.
What does it say?
But one day, two righteous travelers stood up on behalf of the people.
Incredible.
Y-Yeah.
Eventually leading to you
Once we finish getting ready, let's leave right away.
Looks like we won't have to make dinner ourselves.
For now, it doesn't seem like a bad place.
for now we're just guests staying in this land.
since it takes so much effort from everyone living in a country to keep it running normally.
This was all because of those machines and their radio waves.
Are you a biologist or something?
That's impossible.
Then allow me to take on that job for you.
This should be plenty of evidence.
There was indeed a radio outpost there.
It was completely broken down.
Th-That's impossible!
So this idea that the country's citizens are being manipulated by radio waves
I-I get it!
Just think abou--
He's been possessed by the radio waves!
The safety pin's pulled out!
Thank goodness.
Where's the safety pin for this one?
You got it!
That man looks like quite an impressive fighter, too.
That's a target we'd best not attack.
Now then, is that rider suitable to become our prey or not?
That's easy!
Don't be fooled by appearances.
Despite how she looks,
The people we should target are those
You're still young.
That's right.
It happened long ago.
A wheel-rut running straight along the ground
so they measure it proportionately.
Your points are recorded in your resident registration data
just because they've built up points.
As a proprietor.
How many?
I've managed to accrue all these points, and I can't think of a single person to kill.
...no amount of thinking helps.
I'm impressed.
That chef is coming to our country, too!
Yeah!
Please cook something for us!
"Kino's fried chicken," coming up!
Yeah! The recipe calls for them in equal measure to the chicken!
Hey, Kino.
What is it, Hermes?
They all gobbled it down, though.
Though it can't compare with the impact of our Kino's fried chicken.
She wouldn't tell me anything about it.
I thought I was just about to enter that country. Am I wrong?
No, you're not wrong.
"Be careful they don't overcharge you."
I know of a good place, too.
That's what we are!
Hello. I'm Kino.
Welcome to our country!
Thanks. Would you, please?
Straight down this road?
Yes. The Persuader-smith on South Street is well known for his skills.
Looks like it's quite worn, so I'll take a look at the frame.
We've long run out of food!
How about it, everyone?
Long, long ago, a persecuted people were driven out of a distant country.
But while the forest seemed frightening, its bounty was rich,
Yes, let's build our country here!
At the forefront of that flow.
You certainly have skill.
I know.
I'm shocked.
It's better than when I first got my hands on it.
I've gotten old now, and I can't travel anymore.
I want to let him travel like he used to in the old days.
We'll need to adjust the grip and holster, too.
That's mean. Who on earth would do such a mean thing?
I was eleven.
Welcome.
If you would.
Hey, good morning.
but they said they didn't need money since it was old trash to them.
It can be fixed?
Hermes.
Then it's not a job.
If you don't mind, would you tell me?
You children are allowed to do as you please.
What do you like doing most?
? I'll give you some flowers ?
I'm surprised!
If you like singing, then why not become a singer?
It's always been that way.
"Kino's Journey"
You two have proven yourselves to be fine adults.
A-Are you i-insulting the surgery that has made all of us such fine adults?!
Tell them everything you just said was a mistake!
Right now!
I can't believe this craziness!
Honestly, this child...
He's the one who put such foolish thoughts in your head!
Yeah, you! You! You!
You wanderer!
Traveler, every country and every household has its own rules.
and staying any longer cuts into the time I can spend seeing other countries.
Huh?
Children are always, at all times, property of their parents.
A very unfortunate accident.
Yeah, but I'd rather die than live and have the surgery.
If possible, I don't want to die.
You escape!
"Country of Adults"
I'll tell you how to do it.
Thanks for saving me.
Nice name, right?
By the way, what about my name?
You're Hermes.
It's the name of the old Kino's friend.
? I'll give you some flowers ?
That, or...
"Anywhere will do"
And there's where you are
"Fields of Sheep"
You're right.
Are they taking a nap?
Come on, Kino. Speed it up!
We're going off-road, Hermes.
Watch out for rough patches.
I've had a lot of scary moments with animals,
but I never thought sheep would...
Wait, no! Stop!
To where?
All right, Hermes!
But I'm not going to starve or anything, so you don't need to hurry too much.
First his car got stuck in a ditch that was hard to spot.
Then he climbed out of his car to try to escape, only to be attacked by sheep.
Please...
I'm so glad you taught me how to use these, Master.
Huh?
Too late now!
Ah, this is cruel!
Yeah, those!
Well, somehow.
I see.
so we released the sheep into a field with abundant food.
"Kino's Journey"
When I wake, I'll start my journey.
Good grief...
I'm going to sleep.
Kino.
The ground?
No, the shaking is light now,
but it's steadily growing stronger.
Something?
guide, policeman, and so forth for this country.
why don't I show you around our country?
There are two reasons we're constantly moving.
I see.
A clean bed, white sheets...
If you go to sleep before your hair's completely dry,
The students have discussions
Today this traveler will be watching you work.
Kino's Journey
It's an alert that we've discovered another country near our path.
I'm the president of this country.
Yes, sir.
we will now commence hostilities.
Fire!
What bothersome people.
Please rest assured.
We won't allow that!
If you wouldn't mind,
Though on rare occasion, we do have incidents like yesterday's.
But you still continue traveling?
Every country, just like every man,
Traveler!
Come back again!
Which one?
I wonder where that country will go now.
A few hundred days from now,
That's perfect.
Overseeing the people and maintaining public order.
It's all right if you rough them up a bit.
What?
I'm glad to hear it.
I'll introduce you to your guide sent by the Tower.
This is Tifana. Call her Ti.
It's a decent, quiet room.
I hope there's a country we can settle down in on the next continent.
If there's none, then could you show me as much as you can of the area?
Where are we going?
Welcome to our home.
Good morning, Ti.
Tomorrow, then? I'll help with anything.
If there are other places like this...
This is...
Eventually, it'll start to fall apart.
It's raining...
You truly are kind, Shizu.
You're... Kino?!
I refuse.
I have changed the country's course.
Please surrender.
What in the world is going on?
so I spoke with them, then fought them.
They all boarded another ship and fled to another country.
Let's go back.
I failed.
You don't need to thank me.
It's farewell to that country for both of us.
What?
Well, may we meet again.
I'm sure I'll visit wherever you settle down someday.
I'll happily welcome you when that time comes.
But in life, he hated grandeur, so we chose to express his way of life
who happened upon this country?
He was drawn to the beauty of this country and decided to take up residence here.
So what kind of things are memorialized here?
This way, please.
You can be certain that's true!
That's for using the bathroom, isn't it?
To dig holes when you have to take a dump.
Maybe it really was lucky.
Isn't it?
They're all wonderful items that show
That's right.
After he passed,
It hasn't spoken to anyone since then.
Oh, that would be exciting!
Not to be on display.
Then at least smash me to pieces with your own hands.
Kino's planning to leave this country by tomorrow evening.
I wouldn't know.
Hey, traveler.
Have you seen my lover in any country you've passed through?
so I've been waiting for her all this time.
What a shame.
Yeah, I've never heard of such a thing.
A country moving on caterpillar tracks, huh?
Five years ago, there was a revolution in this country.
They got along quite well, and I was certain they would marry.
He might have died, and he couldn't tell her what he was doing.
So that man's lover is no longer in this world?
He lied.
We found her on the verge of collapse three years ago.
However, he hasn't shown any signs of improvement.
He likely never will.
That's why we lie to him, our hero,
I don't know for sure, but it's good tea.
I-It might be my lover!
And I get to live alongside the man I love.
What did he say when you were reunited?
I'm...
A message for your lover?
I don't want to ruin anything anymore.
Well then, goodbye.
I'm heading back.
Just a little knowledge...
Could you carry this?
"You must always believe in others at all times."
so please take her as a servant,"
You still believe the teachings of the guys who sold you?
You were sold!
or think about killing us when you get the chance?
Do you seriously believe all that?
She's useless as it is!
I refuse to live that life, no matter what happens.
That's someone who's lost to fate.
"People can't change their own lives."
Yeah, he did.
They'll all die!
N-No...
Okay, then...
What is it?
That slave over there... Would you sell her to me for cheap?
Kino's Journey
The herbs that grow around here are poisonous.
so I didn't eat that much of it.
tried to gulp it straight down...
Huh?
Please. I beg you.
I see...
There. Keep it right there.
Now slowly raise it up.
One day, you'll understand.
Where are you?
I've been talking to you for a while now, jeez.
If you ask me where my mouth is, I'll kick you.
Then what?
Only the ones found growing this high up are poisonous.
Long ago, she told the guard up on that mountain with the poisonous herbs,
I don't know if she feels the same way now.
I've never asked.
What's wrong, Kino?
I was just...
That's rare.
From back when she was young?
Yeah.
I will gladly do that, then.
I would appreciate it if you could provide your assistance in this matter.
When I bought it, it cost me 434 silver coins!
These are that man's belongings.
What about the gems he had or the money he exchanged them for?
Poison capsules?
Oh?
The view from up high is quite nice.
So what happened after that?
Talk about adding fools to the fire!
Yeah, it was, Hermes.
dropping it to the basement.
Continue the story, Kino.
until the country said, "We've opened it for you, so please go through."
they caused huge problems for the people who worked there every day,
Eventually, they put a letter in an envelope and dropped it down.
"To the point: The two of us villainous scoundrels have accepted this as our grave.
We have you completely surrounded!
We have a message for you.
Please. Honestly, from the bottom of our hearts, please stop this.
Help. Stop this already.
What'll you give me for it?
Ah, what an amazing tale.
I'm a traveler, but I'm interested in the history of your nation.
When I was still young, corruption was rampant in our government.
Then our politicians and policemen, influenced by the passion those two bore,
Yeah. But what an optimistic country.
So face forward and drive.
The food is good, too.
for now we're just guests staying in this land.
It sure is. You a traveler?
Thank you very much.
How'd it go?
This country's representative is chosen through impartial election,
We're heading to the academy for confirmation.
If you hadn't stopped that man,
What do you mean?
Then wouldn't the problem be resolved if you destroyed the radio outposts?
Shizu?
It hasn't been functional for several decades, possibly longer.
No, it can't be!
What are you doing?!
I don't care.
Wh-What?!
So we're leaving the country.
Huh?
About that radio outpost...
We were right!
Right.
Good morning.
No, it's not that.
Heading out.
Where shall we go?
What's done?
Yeah.
Well, yes, they are...
Yes.
What is it, Riku?
Now then, is that group suitable to become our prey or not?
We can ignore the girl and the dog
Now then, is that rider suitable to become our prey or not?
The fact that she's traveling alone
Now, don't be discouraged.
That's right.
It was driven by a frivolous young man and a black-haired beauty.
Elder?!
It's my first time hearing of it.
Here in this country, you earn virtue points
Only the rich would gain virtue if it was based solely on the amount,
I see.
So you can quickly and easily tell how much someone has contributed to society.
Then what happens if you bother other people or commit a crime?
Indeed, I do.
Right now I could murder someone without reason
and negate the crime with my existing points.
It's not like that!
So I can't just waste them now.
I see.
That's why, at first, I
Approached me with the intent of killing me?
Yes.
I'm impressed.
Oh! I'm so grateful!
Yeah! They say he'll make exquisite meals no matter what ingredients he uses, right?!
Maybe it was a bit too spicy.
Yeah, I bet they were!
Either way, that was a fun country.
Either way, that was a weird country.
Though it can't compare with the impact of our Kino's fried chicken.
That's why I propose this!
Huh?
From a little girl like this?
Ti, Riku, sorry for the wait.
I am. That country up ahead is one I remember especially well
Sorry.
Well, to put it simply,
Well, Kino, there should be an envelope in the box on the left side, so grab that.
erased with a drug upon my departure.
Then
But rest assured. You were no different than usual.
Even my tires are brand new.
You should always be open about your dreams! Everyone, don't give up on your dreams!
Don't give up on your dreams! It's important, so I said it twice!
is at its end.
Kind Country.
Did we really enter one?
We just passed the walls, didn't we?
Well done.
There's nothing here.
There may be a town.
And filled me up too!
The pioneering groups are made up of families with the healthiest bodies and best educations.
All right!
But it's a little awkward.
I don't really understand, but...
I wonder if they're gonna ask us to pay for the room after all.
if you have time, tell her some stories of your travels tomorrow afternoon?
And that a cure has yet to be found.
If you get better, will you go to school again?
He ran up there, and while pointing at the country...
And then I suddenly blurted...
Yes.
What, what?
Due to the rules, I can only exchange letters with Logue.
I see.
There aren't any birds in the sky here.
No... Kino and Hermes, you must have seen places where birds fly, right?
No one there?
Are you lost?
This pioneer village has been discarded.
Welcome to the post office.
Yes.
This country is trying with all its might to overcome that disease,
Inertia will be able to benefit from it soon!
Then the package is for you.
Hey, hey, Kino!
It doesn't look like we're inside a country...
I'm surprised someone like you let me fall over.
We'll help you of course.
You're shouting weird things.
This hotel will pay for all your expenses, you may ask for anything.
There's a pretty unique smell to this town as well, don't you think?
Hello there, traveller.
What?
I heard about you from my mom and dad.
Thank you very much.
That in the past, a certain percentage of the population,
Yes, I believe so too!
He's living with his family in a pioneer village now,
That's what he shouted!
the supervisors came to throw him out.
he wrote that he had carried real tomatoes.
They give me strength.
What, what?
Due to the rules, I can only exchange letters with Logue.
I'm lieutentant Kohl, of the third special guard unit.
Kino came here with a package for a person who's lived here since one year ago.
I guess they left the country already.
And then, Kino let me fall over.
Why was Logue killed?
A medicine to delay the disease has been developed!
Please come to the village when you get better.
Well then, a place with good food would be nice, even if the rest is bad.
Hey, what is there
Hoshi no kagayaki ni mimi o sumashiteru
Yes.
That is for her to decide.
Yes, I will.
Kino.
That's the seventh group to have come here.
Let's go.
It'd be nice if she was a genius at riding Motorrads as well.
I knocked you down.
This coat was given to me by a traveler at a hotel in a neighboring country.
Given?
However, with only that, you do not know exactly where that country is,
But...
As it stands now, I won't be able to handle it.
Faster.
It's a charm.
I'm lending you this to protect you on your journey.
Even so, I get the feeling that "Master" has a strange ring to it.
Um, Kino?
You mean that "Master" isn't her name?
Could you be a friend of my son?
Kino, Kino, Kino...
I'm sorry,
Now I know.
But I'm truly happy you came.
Is it too hot?
She thought all passing travelers were her son's enemy.
Welcome home, Kino.
What she said.
It's morning.
It'd be nice if you woke me up a little more politely.
I'm listening.
Good morning.
We'll take care of the tree this afternoon.
As usual.
She is a genius.
Everyone would welcome you.
I've answered this before, and while I thank everyone for their kind feelings,
In addition, I am no longer alone.
Till next time.
Bye!
Kino, as we said this morning, we'll be going to cut down a tree.
That's the seventh group to have come here.
Be gentle with me.
At that time, I was about to go to a colder place,
Wah, that's wrong, put it back to how it was!
I understand what you have said.
I don't know what to say...
Yes?
What, Hermes?
So I'm going to go to Kino's birthplace...
This is a map of that country.
All right?
I'm sorry,
Now, my son... Kino...
In our country's laws, people who live out of the country,
First, please dissolve the charm.
No.
I woke up before the birds.
The girl reflected in the water she stepped on
If we leave now, we can still make it,
So, in that case...
We've been tricked by that fake map dealer!
Whenever people see birds flying through the sky,
it's said that they get the urge to go on a journey.
If that's true, there's no need for you to go on a journey, Kino.
Even if you stay in one place,
I like to be optimistic.
No way.
A traveler's guidebook?
Did you enjoy your meal?
Let's see, I wonder how much I owe?
Please make yourself at home.
Cheapskate.
But it looks like that won't inconvenience us.
You could be king, Kino.
I wonder what it would feel like?
Not one person is with their family.
Plus, if we stayed longer, we wouldn't be able to go to as many countries.
but there was only one place where you tried to stay longer than three days.
It's probably a lie.
I'm afraid I'll settle down, if I stay too long.
the traveler's guidebook only said the area beyond is the "outskirts."
Excuse me...
This place is the "Land of Visible Pain".
If we all understood each other's feelings,
The scientists used that technology to make an epochal invention.
to transmit our thoughts directly to one another.
and people all across the country drank it.
you'd feel pretty uneasy, wouldn't you?
I was very much into music,
You're being too cocky!
if you understood the pain of others,
After that, those machines will probably
When he gave me that last look, I felt like he was thinking,
Good job, Kino.
It means I have an obligation.
Lately, we've been on nothing but snow everyday.
How long have you guys been here?
but those are for myself and I do not have enough to share.
Do you have a big pot?
If I didn't help them out,
Just because they're humans like me,
And also...
Huh?
It just means you're helpful to me in all sorts of ways.
Yeah, until just the other day, it was snowing faster than we could dig.
When I return home from this journey,
And on the day all the men return home safely from the north,
Oh and Kino-san,
we'll give you a warm welcome.
All right! Kino-san! Hermes-kun!
Kino-san! Could you help us over here for a minute?
Oh, I see, you guys are slave traders.
So please don't give us any resistance, okay?
It was good, very good.
Throw down that Persuader too. Slowly, with two fingers.
I'm returning this to you.
Oh, yeah.
but which one a certain fortune is,
That's a soliloquy, right?
You mean, "syllogism"?
but why is she taking you as her protector on her journey?
And I wasn't able to tame it.
People certainly have an amazing capacity for change.
That's all.
Oh, yes.
Are you going to keep traveling even knowing that?
Because it is my mission,
Have you ever hated the killer?
I heard he was also shot to death by someone with a Persuader.
This is a secret she doesn't know,
Because he tried to kill her, fearing that she would seek revenge.
That was when,
We learned many things from her after that,
I don't dislike it, Hermes.
I see it. That must be it.
No, I am his caretaker.
Hermes!
and was living like a homeless person.
"Please move,
I am a man with no material greed nor fondness of rank or fame.
for a brain procedure that they had just developed.
my brain developed antibodies against my self-consciousness.
One day,
because I lived a simple life without wishing for anything in return.
Only a few days ago,
But he died smiling.
Ever since, I've been wondering vaguely on and off
And every one of them was beautiful.
There is no such thing.
He tricked me. He tricked me!
I am from the country where he was born.
Then why didn't you shoot him?
Do you think so?
That maybe I'm a terribly dirty human being.
I always feel the whole world is beautiful
It's too haphazard for a graveyard, I guess...
This is Hermes, my partner.
How long are you planning to stay?
Oh, that's right, Kino-san.
Yes.
you should go to the History Museum.
Thank you very much.
Stop it!
and consequently, the castle walls were also expanded.
Along with this, new weapons were developed
Are you no longer fighting your neighboring country?
We no longer kill each other.
How long are you staying here?
I can show you the answer tomorrow.
A war.
that you fought against for nearly 200 years, correct?
Oh, it's going to start!
The final results will now be announced!
All right!
Yes, we did.
there happened to be a woman in the other country,
Thanks to that, the national defense budget could be reduced greatly.
This is the end of the History Museum tour.
Thank you for your time.
I understand how you feel,
Where do you like best among all the countries you visited?
That country?
We don't know about the hearts of the people living there, though.
Oh, welcome! Welcome!
No. See, that one. How about there?
This is Hermes, my partner.
Welcome to our establishment!
Here are the groceries.
I got better stuff than usual.
I'm glad!
Are you looking after it properly?
This is Kino. She's a traveler.
She's only here until tomorrow.
Come back again in the afternoon.
But the blessings of the forest saved the lives of the starving people.
They decided to build a new country as their permanent settlement
in this forest where there was no one who hated them.
We are all taught our history starting when we are little.
That's why we all appreciate the blessings of the earth.
Oh, well.
One day, when I have my own guests,
No.
Because I think this is what I want to do.
I've had a great time in the last two days.
and they'll go home with many wonderful, unforgettable memories.
But it's strange.
Whoa! Kino?! What's gotten into you?!
We have brought your luggage.
I see. I understand.
Please take this, too.
Volcanic ashes and pumice spew out with high heat
and run down the surface of the mountain at a high speed.
Blood in the body comes to a boiling point instantly and they die of shock.
Our choice may seem silly to travelers like you.
This is their ego.
There is...
When something I have faith in begins to fall apart
Yuzurenai kara hadashi de mo hashiri-tsuzukeru
so let's go back to master's place.
Kino, the most important thing for a traveler is decisiveness.
Kino, don't tell me you're going to suggest going there.
"Customs Inspection Center."
The Customs Inspection is about to commence.
Huh?
It took care of everything.
But there's no people around.
What if there's no one in the town, either?
Please take this.
What is it?
This really is a hospitable country.
Yeah! It was very good.
Thank you!
Let's see, I wonder how much I owe?
What?!
Please make yourself at home.
I'll think about it tomorrow.
Not one person is with their family.
It's probably a lie.
This place is the "Land of Visible Pain".
Who's "we"?
All the people in this country.
Transmit thoughts directly?
Telepathy?
When communicating our thoughts, words are imperfect.
We thought that was a wonderful thing
What happened after that?
I thought we were the happiest people in the world.
She was very much into raising flowers,
I was very much into music,
Tense situations followed one after another.
and it only succeeded in amplifying hatred on both sides.
Soon, we realized what a horror it was
Because after we both drank the liquid machines,
Hermes too! It's safe here and everything...
Probably.
And in it, someone shivers softly as they get wet
Shiroku haita kemuri kumo ni natte
It shouldn't be much farther...
the steering system and the wheel bearings are getting rickety.
Whoa-
I am the family's maid.
On the right?
She could have meant for us to wait downstairs.
Sore loser.
Yes.
Traveler, please, make yourself at home.
so I hardly find that surprising.
You must have become lost on your way.
Yeah.
It was like watching the theater of the absurd.
I'll see you later.
Yes, I will see you later.
Did it suit your taste, Kino?
I see.
I will show you something very rare.
What?
It is an ancient country.
does the water become clear due to the way the light shines,
you want to leave soon?
So, it'll be postponed, huh?
It is my pleasure to be helpful to someone.
The old woman still didn't look well,
maybe she really is mechanical.
When she was looking at the family, her eyes...
this machine to break down.
she was a doctor of mechanical engineering in that country.
That's why she could fix my speedometer.
she regained consciousness.
We'll leave now.
I don't know, either.
We can be your servants. We can be your enemies.
if they don't stay with someone and live for someone?
So the beautiful world...
What's important when you're traveling?
It changes colors everyday, as if it's reflecting my heart
I close my eyes and make a wish
And find myself listening closely for the radiance of the stars
That's just like a disease all humans have.
Then, she came and told me,
What do you want to know?
How do you think all the people we've met so far are doing?
Even so, we have been traveling like this for many years now.
we would probably have been killed instantly because we had no weapons.
and come close to the ideal.
Have you ever hated the killer?
I heard he was also shot to death by someone with a Persuader.
I don't dislike it, Hermes.
It was my miscalculation
A wise man lives there, right?
Please come in.
Then how did he come to be called a "Wise Man"?
What did you mean?
The reason I am called "Wise Man" is because
and abandoned my desires as people think.
The country where I was born,
I do not have a clear recollection of that time period.
You have these feelings because of too much "self-consciousness".
After repeated experiments,
my brain developed antibodies against my self-consciousness.
If all people became like me, the country would fall to ruin.
I still had the very basic desires like the need for food and sleep,
One day,
you will be restored to the person you were before.
Think well upon it.
I didn't even feel the desire to be restored to my old self.
Before my grandfather died, he said,
Ever since, I've been wondering vaguely on and off
I can't tell you which one is the real blue sky among the skies I've seen.
He tricked me. He tricked me!
There was no way he could have known how to restore me.
Great Wise Man!
Same to you.
Then why didn't you shoot him?
You may be right.
Nagareru mama sekai o hashiru
Koboresou na namida kakushite ite
And find myself listening closely for the radiance of the stars
but I feel that way sometimes.
even when something like this happens,
Is that a satisfactory answer?
To be honest with you, I didn't really understand.
It's too haphazard for a grave yard, I guess...
Welcome to Veldelval, traveler.
Yes.
I'm sure you'll like it too.
It'll tell you a lot about this country.
and consequently, the castle walls were also expanded.
to build a country out of nothing.
Our country is built upon our ancestors' effort.
In truth,
But when two races with different languages, religions, customs,
and many people died.
they would repeatedly exhaust national resources
Are you no longer fighting your neighboring country?
You're Kino and Hermes, right?
We're going to have a war against them now.
It's different than the old wars.
Did you see yesterday's war, Kino?
I desperately thought about how such a meaningless war might be avoided.
Yes.
who had coincidentally come up with the same idea.
Thank you for your time.
to the number of victims in the war of the past.
They're travelers' bags.
Do you want something from me?
and there, you will be torn limb from limb in front of our eyes
but I do not want to die.
Now, if you'll excuse us...
That country?
Mainichi iro o kaeteku utsushidasu you ni
The white smoky haze turns into clouds
Yami no naka ni hitomi tojite
I just close my eyes in the darkness
They say, "They serve only terrible food."
We don't know about the hearts of the people living there, though.
I'm glad you came, traveler!
How about there?
Ours is like that!
Hello. You too, Hermes.
My place is a hotel. My parents run it.
Uh...
Sakura! My name is Sakura!
Is the room with a wide door on the first floor available?
So, please...
And after the long and hard wandering,
That's why we all appreciate the blessings of the earth.
I used to always have it on my hip when I was traveling a long time ago.
I wonder what the heck she did a long time ago.
One day, when I have my own guests,
I'm honored.
Do you have hard times while you're traveling?
Do you want to quit journeying?
I think I'll still continue, even then.
No, you're already a great tour guide.
Why don't you also look upon the starry night sky
Well,
Thank you.
and run down the surface of the mountain at a high speed.
you came here.
There is no use for me to keep this.
Touku de furidashita ame
Where did I come from? How far will I go?
I travel the world, going where the currents take me
Good job, Kino.
I'm begging you, please bring us food.
I have some portable rations,
but those are for myself and I do not have enough to share.
But many animals will soon be waking up from hibernation.
Please take it.
I see. I will take this as a reward after everything is over.
Until then, I'll hold on to it.
How's that?
then one rabbit wouldn't have died today.
Just because they're humans like me,
There!
if I were to come across the same situation again.
It just means you're helpful to me in all sorts of ways.
And on the day all the men return home safely from the north,
we hold a festival all across the country.
And we lost all our goods.
Thank you very much. I would love to stop by.
All right!
Kino! Could you help us over here for a minute?
we'll find a new rider for you.
It was good, very good.
And wolves can't help but live like wolves.
Slowly, with your left hand.
Get rid of all of them!
This is the last one.
I guess they're not going to have it this year.
Shall we get going?
These things will always happen.
And the journey will never end
Then, would it be better if I put it this way?
but which one a certain fortune is,
Shiroku haita kemuri kumo ni natte
Me o tojite negau
And find myself listening closely for the radiance of the stars
What's that?
The world is going to end?
The world is going to end.
But that'll also come to an end the day after tomorrow.
Being asked if that's all right is like...
I see...
How'd it go?
It was free.
Besides, why tomorrow?
When the great rain storm hit 44 years ago,
Counting nineteen nights from that point...
Nobody knows how the world began,
So what would you do if the world really were going to end tomorrow, Kino?
Oh, really. I see...
has been completely flawed in his deciphering technique.
Oh! Of course!
I can see it now.
Wow...
Welcome, traveler!
Welcome to our wonderful land of tradition!
And this tradition was born to celebrate and honor the Cat Ear Party.
Why don't you try experiencing a bit of our tradition too?
That country has gained quite a reputation amongst us travelers.
They desire a magnificent tradition.
of getting visiting travelers to choose a tradition for them?
No, in fact, once they do realize it, this tradition may very well end.
Don't mention it, it was my pleasure.
But I don't understand the meaning of her words very well.
A sad country?
He was given a time limit of nineteen nights.
The poet's words engulfed this land in sorrow.
Even after this, the poet did not stop.
While the night loves eternity,
The only time we are free from the sorrow is at night,
A book of prophecy was passed along to our country.
Our researchers deciphered the day it would all happen.
And that's tomorrow morning?
It was not written exactly how much constitutes smashing the plate,
Whoa! I've got to get going.
What?
Dareka ga nurenagara sotto furueru
I travel the world, going where the currents take me
Kino, are you an adult or a child?
While everything out there is changing,
That's what I'm listening to right now.
Because it's the prophecy.
Don't worry about paying, traveler.
What?
Don't panic, let us now say our final prayers with sincerity.
So what do you plan on doing?
What is?
The way that when someone expresses something,
so no one can say for certain that it's impossible for the world to end
So what would you do if the world really were going to end tomorrow, Kino?
Are you sure about this, Father?
Well, no, not absolutely positive... I think it MIGHT be possible...
the end of the world isn't for another thirty years.
Yeah, let's ride today as usual.
Kino, are you ready for this?
They pulled off a coup d'tat and banished the evil king.
I don't want to end up stepping on everyone's feet.
What kind of tradition should we do next time?
You have probably already realized this,
and make them participate in their "tradition".
You know what they say: "When in Rome, do as the tigers do."
of getting visiting travelers to choose a tradition for them?
and acting on a whim, summoned him with a wicked intent.
So that words of sorrow would well up from the bottom of his heart.
and pierce the eyes with the briars of a clock
that crumbled to dust within seven days.
The exact meaning of the poet's words was unknown,
that poem could be heard again.
will the blameless traveler ever tell of this story?
He said the book was passed along to some country far away,
Oh, excuse me.
"When nineteen cold moons
"What else can we do other than smash the green plate..."
Goodbye!
What?
Why don't we ask the stars or something?
It changes colors everyday, as if it's reflecting my heart
I was still living in the country I had been born in.
Hello there, my name is Kino.
I see.
So can I get a room for two nights?
That's why, once he wakes up,
Yes, and now I can fully heal him.
Everyone in this country does their job with a big smile, don't they?
But everyone in this country does their job with a smile.
so I'm going to the hospital to have the operation.
even the things you hate, with a bright smile.
I often sing during my journeys.
You filled my daughter's head with that foolish idea!
just because you're a traveler?!
What should I do now?
So what should we do first?
Yeah, but...
or rather, it'd be the same.
If you can do that, you'll be fine.
Don't turn with just the handlebars, lean your entire body to turn.
I'm just as in your debt, Kino.
You... Hermes!
You're Hermes, the name of Kino's old friend!
Visiting countries, coming and going among people
I'd like work that I enjoy or gives me satisfaction.
Shiroku haita kemuri kumo ni natte
Koboresou na namida kakushite ite
When something I have faith in begins to fall apart
Hakanasa idaite te o nobashitai
Go in the wrong direction, huh?
but I can't move this cart easily.
but could I ask you to remove your motorrad from the tracks?
Sure, no problem.
If it's all right with you,
Let me see...
There's something I would like to ask you.
I certainly have!
There's no way the machines would be wrong,
What's the point of doing something like that?
If humans go through life everyday without any hardships,
Oh, break time is over.
I've got to start working again.
Wow, to think that they keep working that meaningless job...
Either that, or until this railroad ends.
Thanks to that old man we met yesterday.
That's enough talk about me.
It's been a long time since I've had a traveler come through here.
How long do you mean by "forever"?
Well, it's going on fifty years now, I suppose.
I've got all the materials I need right here, so...
I apologize, but could you please go around?
It's really too bad, but...
You guys got it?
Huh? Oh, right...
and accomplished our revolution with almost no bloodshed!
We started a new government.
I see.
So, some suggested that we elect a leader,
Who would stop the elected guy if he started running wild?!
Of course, the majority disagreed with that idea and it didn't pass!
are even voting in the first place is dangerous!
But this man began to insist on leaving this country.
But I'm not a doctor, so there was nothing I could do...
You're right, Hermes.
You must become residents of this country!
We must have lost sight of the direction we should be going, huh?
I didn't trick you.
If we might as well try it,
Losing myself in the forest, I nestle up to the sky
Sora wa hateshinai kokoro no kagami dakara ne
Be happy, you're number 24.
In this country, only first class citizens can live above ground.
Apart from that,
Hey, now, little boy, I wouldn't if I were you.
A brat like you?
Are you serious, Kino?
Since then,
So, I guess it's a paradise for the people
Oh, you know what?
How come?
Congratulations to all of you who made it past the preliminary round.
Oh, I see there are two of you here,
So, please fight without reservation.
It used to be a jail, so please bear with it.
Jail, huh?
You saw it under the bridge.
Hey, stop. I'm still working!
He purged them all, be they relatives, aides, or citizens.
You will never understand.
No. I don't understand.
I assume you'll surrender now?
You have no chance to win anymore.
Hm?
A while ago...
It was quite a while ago,
It has begun to rain in a far off place
And the journey will never end
So the beautiful world...
As a traveler, there is no way for me to know.
What, Kino?
Sora wa hateshinai kokoro no kagami dakara ne
Yuzurenai kara hadashi de mo hashiri-tsuzukeru
Aoi sora no tsuki no you ni
I am going to reward you
this morning's show is the great masterpiece of the century!
Star-crossed lovers!
He was especially strict to his son.
I'm afraid I don't understand this art stuff.
I'll head back and take care of my Persuader.
I told you to go!
Yes, Sire.
Wait.
What?
I will let you become a first class citizen without fighting
What? No way!
You said becoming a first class citizen is not your goal.
I needed to go beyond the mountain pass.
Did you know?
It really is hard to win without killing, isn't it, Master?
What do you want?
Please surrender.
We meet again.
I met you at the east oasis some time ago.
You should visit it too.
The meaning of that smile?
No.
who both survived without killing anybody.
It's the moral code I follow.
You will never be able to win.
Let's end it here.
May I pet him?
Take care.
You too, Riku!
I'm not kidding! It's true!
Kino! It really is true!
Sora wa hateshinai kokoro no kagami dakara ne
It changes colors everyday, as if it's reflecting my heart
I'll keep running, even barefooted, because I can't give this up
Whenever people see birds flying through the sky,
In my dreams, I am always flying in the sky.
I was about to go one last time to negotiate in person for my dream.
there's a reason why I ended up living in a warehouse like this.
The one who used to live here, of course, wasn't a real mage.
Let's get out of here!
I heard that the old man
It was an encyclopedia the old man had written.
from all over the world was written in it.
I thought I understood how the old man felt
when he shut himself away.
using the knowledge I gained from the encyclopedia.
I found among the foreign anecdotes
Ouch!
...and so,
the crop yields went up 4.7.
Please give me permission for that, Chief!
How foolish you are!
Isn't it the Chief's job to listen to his citizens' appeals?!
Oh my, how embarrassing!
There's a law that says
I was bored because his speech was so long!
I'll tell you the reason why I wanted the bronze statue moved.
It's for this.
What is this?
How's that?
That's right!
That's what I thought.
Really?
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
How can I help you?
Nimya...
I hate to mention this,
They would be sad.
In that case, I'll help you.
Will that machine not fly?
So, I'm sure you could.
It flew?
I'm flying.
Right, everybody!
Nimya!
Know what?
but please forgive the rudeness we have shown until now!
It might be just a coincidence or a whim
it seemed like it was destined.
But anyway, what a surprise.
I didn't think the machine would really fly.
But it flies...
It flies.
Soshite tabi wa owaranai
I close my eyes and make a wish
Aoi sora no tsuki no you ni
...he issued one final order.
which had three red lines on the right side of its cannon
I can understand that.
Yeah.
I escaped from that country.
Huh?
We call the building of the Department of Reading and Welfare the Castle.
We haven't heard from the Author for three months now.
I'd like to talk to you about this book.
Yes.
We're publishing books.
and are supposed to be illegal.
Hey, traveler.
Won't you join us and fight together with us?
But if the Author also wrote the book you got,
What if this world is actually inside a book
Get him!
They're troublesome.
In this world there are books
Some people are affected by that and commit brutal crimes.
with characters in the books and ruined themselves.
One day, the girl's father said,
"Then this is perfect."
You mean, they completely believed themselves
supposedly located in the Castle.
You couldn't give her the key.
My role?
To place yourself in a position
I guess so.
The world is a prison!
Everybody!
I apologize.
As a result, it appears we'll be able to catch him as well.
Yes?
All they do is expound their knowledge.
What's the matter?
Of course, it's all blank writing papers.
How do you know that, Hermes?
I'm so glad.
Encore!
Hello there, my name is Kino.
Ours is like that!
Sure!
So can I get a room for two nights?
Wait a little while longer and this guy will be moving around.
A pact?
In this situation, it's where you'll make a promise to help each other.
That way, my journey will become much easier and a lot more fun.
You can talk with the motorrad?!
Are there any shops like that in this country?
But everyone in this country does their job with a smile.
Everyone, got it?
At work, you may have to do things you don't like,
What? Why?
Is being the "perfect adult" just about being able to do things you hate?
According to your definition of an adult, I don't think I am at all.
I can't be a singer.
Is there no other way that I can become an adult by just being myself?
Thanks to you, my daughter has become a waste of a girl!
You think you'll be forgiven just because you're a traveler?!
That's right!
This is a land of adults, after all.
I'm thankful everyone here is such a reasonable adult.
Kino?
In front! In front!
The pact...
When we tilt, you've got to keep your body down!
When I asked for your name just now, that's what you said, right?
That's not too bad.
By the way, what are we going to do now?
And my most important job of all...
in the forest, it's easy to go in the wrong direction.
At least now we won't have to worry
Sure.
I joined the rail company when I was eighteen.
What in the world do people do here everyday?
Where would you like to go?
What about that place where everyone was just headed?
That's supposed to be the case, but...
I'm a traveler, and I stopped by this country to visit.
that the machines have already confirmed.
There's no way the machines would be wrong,
So, why do you do this?
And that's why humans need stress?
Oh, break time is over.
Do you like living in this country?
May I ask you something?
I joined the railroad company when I was sixteen years old.
I see.
That's enough talk about me.
I apologize, but could you please go around?
Keep up the good work here!
Welcome to my country!
You see, we did the right thing here!
That's amazing!
and go with what the majority of the people voted.
Naturally...
and he was executed.
That'll be great!
Okay?!
What?!
For the time being, let's go check it out.
It's just as you said.
Between a country with a good reputation
The country with the bad reputation, I suppose.
Because that way, I'll be able to better appreciate
Yeah, you can't really rely on reputations given by travelers.
what kind of reputation does the next country have?
But I'm a traveler.
Well, I'll tell you.
You end up staying here as a slave for the rest of your life.
Because you're a coward who ran away without a fight.
Will you participate or
I'm allowed to use any weapons, correct?
That's right.
Okay, I think I can manage.
Hey, now, little boy, I wouldn't if I were you.
Please stop calling me "little boy".
You should have shot all the guys back there and left.
What do you want to do?
We got a new king.
Isn't that funny?
Oh, my goodness. You're so capricious.
Starting tomorrow,
You're one of them, Kino.
So, please fight without reservation.
He's quick.
I won't forget this!
Sewage town?
What's wrong?
What a surprise.
I never knew we got the new king
No. I don't understand.
I was born in my country as a lowly assassin.
Please surrender.
I surrender!
Kill me.
That's a good name.
Thanks.
The four of you here are the ones who survived to the semi-finals.
Then, get some rest tonight.
Hm?
The king would like to reward all of you
for the unusually exciting games...
Ladies and gentlemen,
Please enjoy!
the king had succeeded the crown
You, there!
Wait.
Either of you will do.
It is only natural that the country and I should go mad
I have a bug of destruction inside me
Can you hear me?
and have everyone give their mothers white flowers on that day.
Yes.
I remembered her face at that time.
That's all.
who both survived without killing anybody.
But I have a warning for you.
Me?
So do I.
What have you done?
About what?
Yes, you're right.
Kino-kun? If you'd like,
You're coming with me to meet my relatives today for sure!
He's my fianc.
But most of it was knowledge
it suddenly came to me.
...and so,
As for myself,
What do you think the great god of the country is?
Come!
I'll tell you the reason why I wanted the bronze statue moved.
What is this?
That's right!
What a fabulous way to decide which way to go.
but I imagine you already spent
I knew it as soon as you told us about it.
I'll fly it tomorrow morning
You may be able to do it, or maybe not.
Now, it's becoming interesting.
Nimya! Stop it!
Wow! What's that?
Now, then.
Heave-ho, heave-ho. Hurry up.
we never knew you were a mage.
I'm sorry,
it seemed like it was destined.
If I hadn't met them,
I'd have spent the rest of my life in disappointment.
Yeah, I know.
they start saying, "It's magic!" And, "Please forgive us!"
I said I didn't think a human could fly.
Kino!
Then why did you help her out?
It flies.
Yeah, yeah.
The traveler saw the tank off,
which had three red lines on the right side of its cannon
Water...
Is there something dangerous there?
Huh?
No, there isn't.
Yes, motorrad and traveler.
Welcome to our library.
Did you just say "the books we may read"?
as truly proper and harmless.
undergo the strictest screening
We call the building of the Department of Reading and Welfare the Castle.
But what if their decision is wrong?
I'd like to talk to you about this book.
Publication Society?
so we can save our fellow members who were captured.
Since you're a top class persuader shooter,
Please keep us a secret, Kino-san.
Then he disappeared, proclaiming
"I have written everything of the world."
His stories draw you into them
While reading it, many come to believe that they are the traveler.
He escaped that way!
Get him!
Give it to her!
Please give this to the lady librarian.
People play-acting the resistance movement, huh?
That's not all.
"Are you reading that ancient book again, Kino?"
"Yes, father. I love this book," replied the girl.
"You can experience the world of the book as if it were real."
"Forget that the world was ruined
Nothing...
Here we go again.
What nonsense!
To place yourself in a position
The "Author".
If you want to read my books,
I haven't borrowed a book yet.
where you will be living from now on.
What are you going to make us do?!
It's the Author! Catch him!
Author! Here comes the Author!
And this is the Author's manuscript.
This is it.
He used to be a patient here.
A trap?
by weaving an elaborate story.
Hurry up and put out the fire! The world is disappearing!
how do you like the book written about everything of the world?
I'll get going now.
Yeah.
See?
Or...
A suitable place for a happy family to live.
I must go bring the laundry in now.
I am a mechanical doll, made to take care
Welcome, traveler.
so I hardly find that surprising.
Then, where do you go to work?
This area is heavily wooded,
Yeah.
to give me the food if they weren't going to eat it.
I could almost believe it,
What are we going to do?
Please take care of the rest of the housework.
Yeah.
Anyhow, it doesn't look ancient.
Dinner...
How was it?
The family was much the same.
If she can keep working that much without a break,
maybe she really is mechanical.
had constant disputes between two races
She was in her early 30s back then.
She was no longer the woman who had created us.
We made the dam and submerged the country at the bottom of the lake
we've been acting as the happy family she wished for.
Yes.
Thank you for telling me this interesting story.
what should we do after that?
I can be your child. I can be your lover.
We can be your servants. We can be your enemies.
I'm not interested.
For example, not to get ripped off when you shop.
So, what's the most important thing to be careful of?
I failed.
at the OECD Ministerial Council Meeting.
Dad?
and the Council is in a heated debate.
Murano?!
I really don't.
No.
Ow!
It made a hole in my hand and burrowed in!
So where's this hole, huh?
Okay, fine.
I feel a little off.
He's home early.
talking right hand weird
talking right hand weird snake
burrow into human
Did something happen?
So you don't feel well, but you do have an appetite?
Wall slam!
Don't tell me you're an alien?
"Alien"?
Did you really come from outer space?
It's quite unfortunate.
I didn't choose you specifically.
To have them cut you off.
How about this?
What?
This is a different route from yesterday.
One of mine is close.
What?!
Shinichi?
Okay.
No way.
F-Fine.
It seems to be eating.
It intends to fight.
Someone on Earth had a sudden thought.
Hey, wait a second.
Satomi says she'll forgive you
Here goes nothing!
Thank you, Migi.
Are you truly sorry?
I promise!
What?!
I have to change out of my gym clothes.
Fight me.
Why'd you do that?
this guy might get seriously hurt.
That's something you call someone who is less intelligent than you.
you'll trigger the propagation of dermatophytes, causing jock itch
Shut up!
The Mincemeat Murders?
Should we really stay silent about this?
That's why what?
I do not understand your logic.
I don't understand.
I'm the only one who knows what the killers really are.
Well, now. How rare.
One of my kind.
I see.
I made a spot especially for you.
Now do you believe me?
we should be able to live for at least 140 years.
Migi may have just wanted to save his own life, but...
That just sounded forced.
I'd hate to be turned into mincemeat.
I bet she'd freak out.
You like animals, right?
Are you kidding me?
You've put me on the spot.
Then I will.
Ah...
Yeah.
Hello.
Shinichi, don't talk to that female anymore.
If I leave her be,
Don't you think Izumi-kun has changed a lot from before?
Did you guys have a fight?
Uh, I mean...
The yakuza are very belligerent, aren't they?
What's the matter?
Drop it.
I'm sure someone already has.
What is it?
Yeah...
that I remember them pretty clearly.
you realize that people eat chopped up animals every day,
Oh, well...
I wonder if your friend's one reason you've changed.
She's wearing a collar.
Wait for me!
Stupid Mommy!
Why would you say that?
But I still do like her.
That feeling is mine alone.
You're Izumi Shinichi-kun, right?
without any doubt...
Why are you going to the trouble of seeing her?
How many are there?!
However, if we do not, at least in some aspects,
Our eyes met,
Yeah.
A parasite, running for mayor?
He'll show his true colors soon enough.
he may actually become a decent mayor.
that still results in missing persons.
there'd be an uproar.
That wasn't where we agreed to meet up.
I could sense it from the people behind you, too.
N-Nothing!
It's none of your business what I'm thinking about.
From where I stand,
It's only when you go looking for them that you can't find them.
Huh?
But why?
I... I didn't...
Okay.
"Who can make you feel that"?
Then I ask that you do not put me at risk.
I know.
Like I said, he's sleeping right now.
You just don't want to see me anymore
Yes.
Huh.
I'd really like to see it, too.
Huh?
A signal?
Why didn't you tell me right then?!
Never mind.
It's those two.
No onenot even that girl, Satomihas that special power.
Why isn't she picking up?
Migi, can't you sense this signal of hers?
She might approach it.
It's okay!
It's too late.
before, too...
A dream so embarrassing,
then slammed it against the wall with enough force to destroy the wall itself.
There must've been at least one more parasite.
There is no need for you to feel responsible.
How can you be so calm?!
That's right!
we'll just open a hole in this guy's heart, too.
He's exactly right.
Could it be that my brain's been taken over without my noticing it?
For now.
I heard you were the first one to find the victim, Izumi-kun!
Hey, Akiho!
Regardless of all these dining locations we prepared,
The end result is that we have provided humans with another sample,
Indeed.
Izumi Shinichi.
His brain remains intact,
Please come again tomorrow.
If I were to conduct an experiment of some kind,
I would first need to let it grow a bit more.
But perhaps I'll try something.
but you've heard about Izumi-kun, right?
No, that's not the point.
So some other specific change must've occurred.
I wonder what's wrong.
It's not normal.
You are not like me or my kind.
Now, that's what I would call a waste of time.
This might be a strange way to put it,
What are you trying to do?!
It's too late to catch up with him now.
Either way,
Th-That's not true.
Izumi-kun, you seem like your mind is muddled.
At least, more important than seeing a movie with me.
Why don't you?!
Why don't you tell me everything?!
You should just tell me everything!
That's not true.
But sometimes, I can barely stand to watch you.
So... What happened?
Don't try so hard to go it alone.
Don't say that.
Izumi-kun, your eyes...
They're so empty.
he'd start treating Murano like a monster, too.
That man?
How?
Where can we find an ally in the whole wide world
Assuming the enemy is not an organized entity,
because they use that term on TV and on the web,
so we're calling him Joe now.
A right hand stretching out and attacking me?
But what about me?
Well...
Oh, I know!
You did!
You definitely did!
You can't fool me!
You should know your place.
Just watch.
Parasites can sense others of their kind
We'll meet up at the next corner.
Please get in.
I told him everything that had happened
At first, the P.I. was taken aback,
Your story's so absurd that
I have to at least believe some of it.
I'd like you to keep quiet about us.
Wait!
so do we.
Granted, I believe "rights" are a concept unique to the human species.
Take a good look at him.
He's only a child from your perspective, isn't he?
Where is your pity?
Um, I really don't want to kill you.
I'll be blunt.
after her stint as a high school teacher.
among a number of animal species.
infanticide.
There are multiple cases observed in nature where animals help others
it's uncertain whether complex human thought
You are very different from before.
Coexist, huh?
For example,
I heard your mother has gone missing.
Your hand.
Listen well.
Which one should I follow?
The last thing he said was that he was going
Well?
It can't be...
It's fast.
We've got to hide!
Like this?
Stop!
If we take the time to discuss strategy and whatnot, we'll lose.
In any case, we've got trouble.
I shouldn't have gotten involved in all this.
I'm just a weak human being.
From this day on,
Don't look at me like that.
I've said this to you many times already,
Futile?
Call it human ego, or whatever you want,
I guess we just can't trust each other...
Our target is said to be a formidable match.
Again?!
I won't do this at the school!
They've put more than 300 meters between us.
and not all three at once.
Want a ride, sonny?
I still don't know where the other two are.
He talks up a storm and he's creepy as hell.
Is that effective?
Why not produce more of your own?
Hmm...
It bothers me
It has to be the head and both arms.
barehanded while holding your ground.
Between his own tentacles, no less.
The leg I managed to attack earlier wasn't human.
To someone who already struggles to utilize his striking tentacles,
You should stay a right hand, Miki.
and only I can unify everyone.
He's quite fast...
Shit!
I had no part in this!
We stand out too much.
is survival.
But isn't that theft?
were killed by a sharp, sword-like weapon.
burned down the same night in what is currently believed to have been arson.
Thank you, Dad.
Please tell me what you think.
Kuramori-san, let's avenge their deaths!
We don't?
Migi...
The moment we act in opposition to that brain,
It's the bag Izumi-kun left behind.
We've been had...
Why would he run?
How mysterious.
Where are you?
Tamura Reiko, it was you.
No matter.
Good evening, Tamura-san.
"The Adventure of the Dying Detective."
Why didn't you run, then?
We parasites behave and think in ways
Don't let her get away!
My body's muscle strength exceeds yours.
Ignorance is bliss.
Tamura has entered his body?
Pointless.
will meet her end?
and consequently spread fragments of flesh emanating animosity around you.
Impossible...
Cannibalism, then...
No one's home again.
Would you please tell me what happened?
You'll come back, right?
Sorry! Go on without me!
Hey!
Don't do that!
The crushing weight of grief when you've lost everything!
Am I wrong?
There's...
She's... wearing white...
Stay with me, Kuramori-san!
Kuramori-san!
In other words,
I have also done much research on humans.
we are two halves of the same whole.
we are fragile.
You two are very rare beings.
Wait, so are they all cops?!
At a glance, they look like a nondescript mother holding a baby,
I'll take full responsibility!
She must have something in mind!
Mom...
I found an answer to yet another of my questions today.
Shinichi... This child.
to lead a normal life...
Okay.
Are you sad?
will return to this tree...
a really sad dream...
Izumi-kun...
Dogs, cats...
Who am I seeing today?
Izumi Shinichi-kun, please come with me again.
Okay...
Someone with the same ability as you.
I should explain beforehand
Next one, please.
His focus may drop.
H-Hey, wait, pretty lady...
Okay.
Hey, Uragami!
"In Cold Blood."
What's the deal with that guy?
So, basically...
I didn't really approach them.
Oh, wow.
not entirely human deep within his eyes.
What?!
If you're referring to one Tamura Reiko was holding in her arms,
So what then, once you're sure the baby is normal?
No.
Just kidding.
I don't know what to think anymore.
but that man-eating parasite, Tamura Reiko,
This is not intended to be a manhunt,
and a female thought to be a parasite was shot to death the following day in a park.
He must have plotted to kill her without our consent
Then the one who was shot dead in the park was Tamura Reiko.
It appears so.
It's okay.
Last time in high school, huh...
It'd be easy to get it under 10 seconds, too.
It's fine.
Way too much.
Huh?
Let's go.
but I feel like we're missing one last thing.
We were all supposed to be leading perfectly normal lives,
But just a little step off the track...
Higashifukuyama City Hall
Goto's body hosts several parasites
I see...
we have very important information.
A man armed with a rifle has entered the building
Mutsuki and Kisaragi squads are to rendezvous in the main entrance hall.
Utsuki squad, cover the second floor and seal all entrances and exits.
The armed suspect is on the north side of the rooftop!
Not through the screen like this.
It's like war.
Should foxes attempt escape or retaliation when fired upon,
One died.
We did it!
They are not life forms.
They're pretty efficient.
We'll now resume evacuations.
The murdered P.I.'s notes mentioned something relevant,
I'll send Uragami in.
No, if they see your armed men,
Don't let them leave the building.
Stall them.
Huh?
Please stay in line.
Walk in single file, please.
How...
Listen up!
Shingetsu Squad, go to the main wing.
you'll accompany the joint team formed by the Mutsuki and Satsuki Squads.
But that means you won't be able to ID the enemy...
What the hell are you guys doing in a crisis like this?!
In any case,
What's that sound?
C'mon.
Let's get you back there, Uragami!
Next time:
"Sex and Spirit."
who knows the truth behind those murders.
Hey...
It's inside this building.
for Matsuyama-sensei, who's been hospitalized after a traffic accident.
My name is Tamiya Ryoko.
She's going to eat everyone.
No, that's unlikely.
She will not use humans in her immediate social circles as food.
What are you talking about?!
Shinichi.
She's approximately 10 meters away.
Yeah...
Your right hand should know that I have no intention of killing you.
Can you make time to meet after school today?
You are the first case of this nature I have come across.
Huh?!
Or should I say, two of my kind?
Easy for you to say!
Stop it.
There is no advantage in trying to kill each other here.
Yeah.
That's like cannibalism.
I receive nutrients directly through Shinichi's blood.
I'm leaving.
He should be eliminated.
W-We have an intruder...
You will now study on your own.
There is an intruder in the building!
She is approximately 150 meters away.
It appears she intends to observe our fight.
Even if we run, he will come after us.
But...
There really is an intruder!
He will attack us, of course,
What?
You sacrifice other lives so that your own life can continue.
You understand human speech so well,
Are you upset, Migi?
Is that true?
A and I are just about evenly matched.
We delegate roles.
It's true that Migi is far more of a combat expert than I am.
When it comes to killing,
And these particular predators
Hirokawa...
are all skewed in favor of benefiting the human race!
Prioritize the prosperity of all life over that of the human race!
In comparison, humans are the true parasitic vermin infesting this planet!
I prefer knives.
Being indoors limits our firing options,
This is his lair...
in a man-made structure.
Gotou...
H-He flew!
It's just a feeling.
Humans, then.
Even if we do pull that off, a lot of people will die again.
I couldn't care less.
Migi...
Apologize.
Wow, he's scared shitless.
I'm very sorry.
H-Hey.
I did. I'm a cheat, you know.
He's alive.
We might be minutes away from being chopped up!
You can be calm, no matter what the circumstance.
By simple calculations, our odds of victory might be zero percent.
This will be a race against time.
unity will be lost along with his armor,
If you don't hurry, you'll...
Was that my voice?
But, Migi...
Hang on a second.
Strange things have been happening around here lately.
I know they say big cities are running out of landfills,
but she was kindhearted.
I ended up staying several days.
A friend?
Right! I remember now!
M...
I don't know how I can ever repay you.
Hey, you!
There are way too many strange things happening lately.
What?!
Outsiders like him?
To kill me.
I brought him here!
Why not live?
You idiot!
Make use of your life?
What does a snot-nosed brat like you expect to do?!
You're still leaving?
Isn't there something useful you can take with you?
If Gotou's adopted a totally different human appearance,
but there's been no formal announcement from any public agencies.
became even more adept at blending into human society.
to require less human flesh and thus become more human.
You're so blunt.
But I'm really glad you're alive, Migi.
Well, so that's that.
could exchange souls with each other,
they would see and hear worlds far beyond their imagination.
So I can't ever talk to you again?
Migi...
Did you wait long?
I've been left behind.
They weren't for the sake of Earth or anything.
Oh, just...
That's it!
No Motor Vehicles Pedestrians Only Bicycles and Approved Vehicles Allowed Higashi Fukuyama City Police
Is he looking for someone?
The blood's from that broad.
Is there something you want?
It's human nature to want to kill each other, you know?
We've been like that for thousands of years!
Don't...
You must've seen his body.
Someone said something similar to me before.
So just let her go.
Izumi-kun!
Call the police.
and now look how spunky you are.
Izumi-kun, just go!
It's always more fun taking apart the spunky ones.
I was always trying to catch up with you.
That's right, I'm fast!
Toys are so easily broken...
Quit whining already.
Do you remember the puppy that died?
Three, he says.
Just give up!
Aside from your right hand,
we will lose.
Flustered?
That's right, Shinichi.
But he's still human from the neck down, right?
We did it.
That much blood means it's fatal.
The weak, cowardly human attacked?
Me?
I can still remember what it felt like to stab him.
As time passed and life settled down again,
Well, how should I put this?
I don't want to attract attention over something like this.
Let's kill Tamiya Ryoko.
It's possible, I suppose.
That's...
Like I said, what are you talking about?
The child you're carrying...
It's nearby, so I'll be back soon.
Who are you?
Mobility?
But perhaps I should give it a try, regardless?
But isn't that risky?
That's just what it looks like on the surface.
Are you all right, Shinichi?!
Wh-Wh-What?
Oh, okay.
Shinichi yelled at me.
and go relax somewhere with fresh air.
Th-That's not true.
At least, I did this morning.
Things were tough back then.
We've come pretty far.
Are you busy tomorrow?
fuse, and regenerate.
Sleep is beneficial.
Your well-being is my well-being.
Interesting...
No, I haven't!
I have no desire to kill and eat people!
Hey, stand up!
I... I said, "stop!"
I hate posers like him.
Are you stupid or something?
Why didn't you run away this morning?
but who knows what you're doing behind our backs?
Izumi-kun!
Stop it!
the one on her right is a 13, and the two on her left are 14 and 12.
Damn.
What?
Dad.
In any case,
"Monster"?
our next stop as we go along.
I said that in terms of probability, somewhere less populated
It unlocked the door?
Mom...
Shinichi, no.
Shinichi, she is not
You'll follow in a matter of minutes.
Izumi-kun's absent again today?
I'm getting worried.
Wanna swing by on our way home?
Oh, but I don't know his address.
I do.
Since when are you and Izumi-kun a thing?
Don't butt in!
So Izumi's dating Murano?
Oh, we finally got a hold of you.
Did something happen to my dad?!
That man has not returned?
Thank you.
By a monster!
Dad, I need to talk to you about something.
Please... I can't talk about that right now.
But you can't get a good night's rest here.
Mom!
We have a guest!
I thought about keeping this to myself, but I've decided to tell you.
Your feelings towards your family are quite strong.
But now, I'm unable to detect any of that while asleep.
That's why I didn't tell you until now.
But I have concluded that continuing to keep you in the dark
That is not entirely precise.
Yeah.
I guess.
Shinichi!
It's just about 300 meters away,
Yes.
but you just up and ran off.
It's really
It's true, Shinichi.
From the lower half of his face to the front of his neck,
I'll finish.
Your right hand should have some recollection of this, too.
I merged with his body as it approached a near-death state,
So, tell me.
Okay.
He's gone.
He loves watching movies, see,
It's important.
What?
But if I split into fragments that are too small,
We'd shrivel up and die in no time.
Somewhere with a constant flow of fresh blood...
The Migi who's talking to you right now
so my fragments scattered throughout your body.
Migi.
someone like him for the first time, but I...
I'll follow the cape and head to the town where you are now!
We have to work together to beat her!
Shinichi.
You're the second one I've met whose brain is intact.
Where?
I... I'm gonna die!
that even I'm getting tired.
destroying the heart is the most effective approach.
I can see each move she makes!
Now I see!
Just aim for the neck up!
Mom, I'm going to...
Shit!
No, it all happened so fast.
I see.
He's close!
Izumi-kun!
Hey.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Then I believe I'll ask you to do this.
He poses some danger to us,
Parasyte
"He"?
What gives you the right to...
and I was away on a trip before that.
Screw that!
What about you?
You should eat something, too.
Yeah...
I can't cry anymore.
Metro Expressway 4
Izumi-kun...
Huh?
That's not what I'm talking about!
Migi.
What?
I see.
that will be absorbed by this tree.
Murano wouldn't hate me now.
Despite reacting to our presence,
by becoming friends with you or should I say, the two of you.
Izumi-kun, can you show me to Class 3?
I wish I was in the same class as Hide.
What? Like you don't.
Huh?
Tamiya Ryoko?
but emotionally, they're just like insects.
I thought you were Izumi.
Hey! What are you doing?!
That sounds like...
His eyes don't look right.
So you're a dangerous guy, too?
Are you...
But should you come looking for a fight again for no good reason...
Murano.
Oh, right... Sorry.
Y-Yeah.
he should react reflexively...
What if his face is fake?
We are truly sorry about your wife.
So, how is the sketch this time?
So I am nurturing a toxin within me.
Is he a friend of yours?
You've got to be kidding.
Heads up!
Murano!
If you want to intervene, I can give you their location.
What do you want to do?
What I really am?
I didn't seek out this situation.
You think you're so hot.
That's none of your business anymore.
He might look harmless,
You're not being yourself, Izumi-kun.
I may have changed,
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Well, that's sure nice of you.
or bio-weapons...
Hey, you okay?
Paint Thinner
There was something up there, wasn't there?
Come on, Sir.
O-Okay!
Wait.
I can't get through here.
He looks more dangerous than whatever's going on.
Oh, Vice Principal.
It's Class 3-3!
I'm breaking.
There are two people far away,
Are you okay?
It'll be okay.
What?!
He's coming!
We knew what Shimada was,
How?
You know where to aim, right?
with a drug addiction, are suspect.
Police have found his identity to be forged.
that there exist sentient life forms who eat humans,
I know that, but...
Saying this distresses him.
This is what humans are.
There are rumors that they're trying to weaponize parasites in the U.S.
Let's go public.
Wait, we have a way to do that?
This parasitic life form has the ability to serve as the human brain;
Physiology of Parasitic Life Form
If you harbor any suspicions,
If that's the case...
After a time, our school reopened.
Izumi-kun.
It's okay.
I see.
Let's try to think of other things.
Yeah, I guess it was an adrenaline rush or something...
But I really mean it.
This work is an original copyrighted material of the Content Provider. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this work in any form or manner is prohibited. Some viewers might find this work disturbing as it may contain strong language, a degree of violence or adult situations. Viewer discretion is advised. Please watch it at your own risk.
I'll be the one to defeat Persia. Don't interfere.
Beyond the dazzling times
Boarding School Juliet
That's all I could hope to do.
Causing such a ruckus on school grounds is less than admirable.
Inuzuka, I swear I'll take you down!
Dumbass! You're not even a blip on our radar! Right, Inuzuka?
Nonsense, you're already so strong.
Is a strength enough to even change the world.
I truly feel that way.
She seems really pissed.
-You'd better watch how you speak to us! -That jerk!
Next time there'll be no pleasantries when we fight.
According to our research, she returns to her dorm alone after practice.
It'd be bad news if they saw who we are.
-Sorry! -Where are you!?
WHITE CATS HOUSE BLACK DOGGY HOUSE
Because of you guys I'm in the toughest pinch of my life!
We need to talk. Bye, Persia.
But if you were saving me, then why?
Teacher!
Goodness, it's every single day with you.
All right.
It's only come to this because of my half-assed resolve.
What was that for?
Hey!
There's no way you would do something that ambitious on your own.
And so, the two of us...
No matter happens, I'll protect Persia!
Romio.
I'll show you how true love will feel
There is a miraculous encounter
Romio.
Airu! Now you're just being violent!
If my doubts are alleviated, you'll be set free.
While you're at it, take some time to fix that attitude of yours.
Would you celebrate my birthday with me?
a little more pride in being the second son of the Inuzuka family.
They're good!
I'm sure he caused some trouble and is being punished as a result.
He seems afraid of something.
WEDNESDAY JUNE 30TH
You okay, Inuzuka?
You must lay low until the surveillance--
Did it look like I was staying in line?
It's okay. I won't cause problems for you.
Persia!
I know you're worried about me.
My brother should be in bed by now.
It's forbidden to leave the grounds after curfew.
Take a while and cool your head.
We'll talk later.
That's the only way to get away from my brother.
We've got no obligation to help.
What?
you'll be weeding the schoolyard as punishment for breaking curfew!
I'm happy.
he suspected your relationship with me.
It's frustrating, but my voice can't reach him now.
-It's not ready yet, but I'll definitely-- -I don't want it.
That's what I'd decided.
I want to match the love you give
Yes, sir!
Sir! Yes, sir!
But what if those Black Doggies try to interfere again?
Besides, this year we--
This work is an original copyrighted material of the Content Provider. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this work in any form or manner is prohibited. Some viewers might find this work disturbing as it may contain strong language, a degree of violence or adult situations. Viewer discretion is advised. Please watch it at your own risk.
The story, names, characters and incidents portrayed in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual persons, organizations, religions, places and products is intended. The Content Provider, the producers and related parties shall have no liability, as to the accuracy, legality, safety or suitability for any purpose of the information provided in this work. The views and opinions expressed herein do not reflect the views and opinions of the Content Provider, or any of its affiliates, partners, subsidiaries, or Licensee.
You savage!
Just you and me
Hear me out!
What if your brother saw us?
That's not something new, you know?
Whoa, seriously?
There's something on the--
I don't want to do anything.
Help!
Oh, this is nothing.
I lost sight of what I should be doing.
I don't want us to be apart...
I want to be with him forever.
not enough.
These cookies... No way...
Your birthday party is today.
Payback!
Quite lame.
Play your little heart out.
-Pardon me, who are you? -It's Aby.
The hell you are!
I won't ever let go again.
Later.
This guy smells like serious trouble.
Wait, wait!
So, I really wanted to meet you.
Did that kill your buzz?
Representative?
I didn't intend to deceive you. Let me introduce myself again.
banter machine?
But...
This time, I'll make it in time!
I want to match the love you give
The story, names, characters and incidents portrayed in this work are fictitious. No identification with actual persons, organizations, religions, places and products is intended. The Content Provider, the producers and related parties shall have no liability, as to the accuracy, legality, safety or suitability for any purpose of the information provided in this work. The views and opinions expressed herein do not reflect the views and opinions of the Content Provider, or any of its affiliates, partners, subsidiaries, or Licensee.
It's the fairy dance!
As expected, they're something else.
if I want to be able to change the world?
Now I can't kick you at all!
Is this really the time to be impressed?
Inuzuka!
Inuzuka!
That's why I came here.
I was so, so happy.
Today's incident made me understand.
Now the rep's got us, what a turn of events.
Did you really think you could break into the White Cats House
and get away so easily?
White Cats prefect, Rex!
Hasuki, save us!
Wait, Maru, I thought you said you didn't care about the pie throwing?
Damn. So, this year it's a draw?
So, you found a solution.
Me, collude with this man?
You would come here with no proof, and seek to dishonor me?
You said it! This is an enemy trap!
In the West, isn't there a custom where lovers exchange rosaries?
He found the worst piece of evidence.
What? A bra!
Now they're all turning on me!
Don't be stupid! We can't do this!
This is a bluff.
I couldn't live with myself...
I think that's enough.
Come, Romio.
When the reps stepped in, The tips of the swords were hovering at their throats.
Thank goodness I had it around my neck.
I'm sorry.
It couldn't be helped.
Persia?
What?
So, show me how cool you can be!
And-- And the two of you let it happen, pathetic!
I-I'll forgive you this time, but you have to stop overdoing it!
Yup! Thanks.
So never do something like this again.
That's right. I'll be at your service.
That is not the case.
that should be a good start.
Inuzuka, should I lend a hand?
However, the students from the Touwa student dorm, Black Doggy House,
then you should just lock her up in the dorm!
Romio Inuzuka, all you do...
That's all for today.
Still, that Persia...
There you go again!
I-- I give.
Nonsense, you're already so strong.
-Oh, crap! -It's these Black Doggy brats.
They sprayed graffiti on the White Cats' House.
Why did you do such a thing?
Some Black Doggy kid made fun of us and called us weak!
Got a problem?
First, I'll reach out to her in secret.
According to our research, she returns to her dorm alone after practice.
crushing the White Cats will be child's play.
-Here's a mask. -Thanks.
-Persia, where are you? I can't see! -I can't breathe!
-Do you need something? -Oh, no, we've been made!
Die!
A two on one surprise attack?
You lowly coward!
we have to win.
This should make it clear.
Move!
It's all over...
We need to talk. Bye, Persia.
That means you're making fun of me, doesn't it?
intelligence not to be looked down upon by other nobles,
I hadn't even thought of how Persia felt.
You wanted me to go all out on you, right?
It's only come to this because of my half-assed resolve.
This is me going all out!
I love you, that's why I haven't fought you for real.
I confessed to Persia, who I've loved forever!
No matter happens, I'll protect Persia!
Deal? There isn't one, really.
Wait!
I want to be with you!
I wanted to back you up!
Some beautiful flowers bloomed in the garden!
This...
The dorm? How did I get here?
Inuzuka is one thing,
What? Why...?
How dare you...
It's my most precious possession.
Trying to act all cool. You're so dense.
I'm looking forward to today's outing.
Who is this little cutie?
I'm not depressed.
Why are you angry?
I feel like I've seen him somewhere.
Dumbass, he's a guy!
I wonder which would look best on Persia.
Oh, well.
Haunted?
More importantly, look over there.
Persia...
Lady Persia!
-Inuzuka! -Battle continues!
You dumb dog!
Don't say that!
In the end, we'll either split up or stay together.
That's cold! But for us, our lives are on the line every day!
Stop the car, Sebas.
Princess Char has returned to school!
Hurry, we're going to meet her!
-Oh, Scott. Long time no see. -Yes.
We won't be ordered around by you.
-Got it? -Hound? You're kidding.
Big indeed.
Got it? No matter where you are, you'd better come by the third time I blow this whistle.
I guess I'll go expose that picture--
Do you prefer larger ones like hers?
Wait, where are you going?
Goodness, you were slow.
Wait! I think carrying you piggy-back would be faster than on all fours.
A picture, then?
Persia!
That girl's enjoying this.
-Screw you! Where am I supposed to--? -Find a barn or something, you White Cat lapdog.
Put my shoes on for me.
I'll cut off your bangs and transplant them to your armpits!
So, she's not just a princess for show.
She's enjoying tormenting me.
I get to share a room with Princess Char again, I see.
As soon as I start talking to Persia, that whistle blows.
Sorry, got to go.
Time to search Char's room!
You've hidden yourself.
So, you want to play hide-and-seek?
-It can't be! -Man, I've found something spectacular.
You've been hiding a huge amount of pictures of Persia!
You're in love with Persia, aren't you?
What would Persia think if she knew how many pictures you have of her? Well?
if they knew their nation's princess was taking secret photos?
Don't talk like you understand my feelings!
No, it's nothing.
No matter what happens, I'll always be by your side.
But...
only you, because you're special to me
-You don't have a cute side. -Of course not.
You're at the age where you're interested in that stuff.
How? I fixed it, isn't it obvious?
That's the one. Do you want to become my hound again?
I can't bear feeling like this anymore!
Yeah, he is.
We're betting our pride that we'll come out on top in the midterm tests.
-You need to be able to put up with that, Girly-zuka. -Girly-zuka?
-Maru? -What's the problem?
-Yes! -You respond with, "Yes, ma'am!"
Wasn't she more...?
-What was that for? -I said no speaking without permission.
Now, to test your current academic prowess, we'll be taking a small test.
If you sleep, you get clipped with specially made clips as a penalty.
Maru, why are you doing as he says?
Panties.
You seem to hate studying, yet you haven't complained once.
She loves every one of us Black Doggies.
Everyone is grateful for that.
If you ever need anything, just ask.
-I will. -See you, Inuzuka.
You mean Hasuki?
What are you smiling for all on your own? It's creepy.
That's dedication.
Are you a genius?
This one?
I was able to change.
Oh, be quiet. I'm going to sleep.
You heard?
You're kidding, right?
It's of my own free will.
Hasuki is sad about it too.
You're not getting away.
Damn, what's all the noise?
Why'd you lock the door? We can't get in!
I'd warned him about that.
Hey, let me down!
Char knew about us.
Don't you remember?
Yeah. I've accepted it.
I'll keep
That's right.
Thank goodness.
Inuzuka, you can't swim. Why did you jump in?
Why?
You're our leader. How could you be ensnared by Persia?
Telling your friends convenient lies.
The training camp isn't over yet. Stay in form.
White Cats will taste defeat!
Faster! You won't beat the White Cats at the sports festival next week like that!
We've been dating for a while, right?
You want it? What do you mean? Are you hungry for power?
I have a responsibility to answer to my people.
It's finally come true.
I should've thought this through before committing.
I'm hearing sounds that don't sound like cooking.
Too slow!
Lady Persia's home cooking?
Could it be? You made it for me after seeing me train in secret for the sports festival?
How kind of you. Come, let's eat it over there!
Do you intend to violate the bento Lady Persia made?
Scott, let me handle--
A telegraphed punch won't work!
I won't yield to the likes of you.
It's gone!
Damn it all.
These were sort of a failure, but you can have them if you want.
Just kidding!
We're secret lovers anyway. No one will find out.
I can't go on.
Should we leave a banana peel on the track?
I didn't want to compete anyway.
-The MVP's Jinx. -Jinx?
Hey, hey!
-Then I'll ask Persia to dance... -Stupid dogs, stupid dogs, stupid dogs!
I'm Aby Ssinia.
Still not bragging, I do modeling--
There's something I wished to ask you, lovely Miss Persia.
-I'll kill him, I'll kill him... -What's the strange bloodlust I sense? And it's twofold?
Tomorrow morning at five, come to the grounds without anyone noticing.
Help me practice for the three-legged race.
-Enough chat, I'm tying us. -Okay.
If you act like you're not having a good time,
What? Then if I'm the MVP, will you take an order from me?
-I must have Persia do whatever... -Listen to me!
This work is an original copyrighted material of the Content Provider. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this work in any form or manner is prohibited. Some viewers might find this work disturbing as it may contain strong language, a degree of violence or adult situations. Viewer discretion is advised. Please watch it at your own risk.
What was that?
What's wrong? You're making a llama face!
I'll show you how true love will feel
Rosary and Juliet
That's how much... I...
Did you need something?
that hurts! Idiot!
Persia...
Good job today.
Some beautiful flowers bloomed in the garden!
Here!
It might just be self-satisfaction,
I'm sure you intend to attack Persia while her guard is down! You bastard!
Seriously?
Good, she's okay. Persia!
-Get her! -You won't get away with this!
I'll settle things with Persia!
What is it this time?
Shall we settle things here, Black Dog?
How did trying to give her one present lead to this?
Come on, why did you open them?
It's mine.
You already had one?
Why are you angry? Wait!
Who is this little cutie?
With this we can go on a real date.
You don't need to get that depressed.
We've been found out!
Do I smell?
Inuzuka!
No, come with us guys!
We're your bros!
Then you'll have to defeat me.
Is this not normal?
He always looks grumpy and he doesn't join in conversations.
We did some serious shopping.
Inuzuka!
Wait a minute. Does he not know how to swim?
He may be stupid,
You shouldn't knock people into the sea.
Okay.
And that "ramen" stuff was way too spicy.
Eating? Shopping?
Pulling me by the hand after I had given up
Your dream had suddenly become my dream
I don't care.
The competition will span three days, one for each grade level.
That is all.
Annoying n-no good hag...
They sure can hiss. Let's make them regret it.
Things are already heating up before the match has even begun!
One MVP from each grade will be chosen from the winning house.
Tosa, fight! Come on Maru, cheer them on.
Amazing, Somali!
-I'm so happy! -Black Doggies win!
It looks like Maru has an early lead!
All the runners must run atop this bridge.
Take this, Princess! Glass spike trap!
You don't have to!
So, does that mean...?
You can do it, you can do it, White Cats!
-Where's your spirit? -You're a weak link!
The Black Doggies and White Cats are tied at 300 points.
So, I'm not moving. Figure something out on your own!
They're taking out the White Cats one after another!
Hey, these guys are sleeping! Wake up!
No matter. We already control the game.
Only two left! They're helpless!
We're finally down to a one on one game! There's serious pressure on Aby's unit!
We won't be captured by the likes of--
I'll outdo Persia, defeat Inuzuka, and claim MVP. Then...
There's someone we haven't defeated yet!
With the permission of both houses,
Lady Persia!
-You can do it, White Cats girl! -Give the Black Doggies what for!
I've got you!
Scott!
"Ugh"? What's that mean?
Wait, what about the after party?
Inuzuka, do you know about the sports festival jinx?
Yeah, yeah
Sieber, are you telling me to die?
-No. I don't want her to see me in this weak state. -Inuzuka. Inuzuka...
-What? Someone's... -Inuzuka. Are you okay?
You've got a fever?
Looks like it's pretty bad.
She's touching me?
Hey! You need to rest!
I'll nurse you back to health. So just sleep peacefully.
Persia's so stubborn. It doesn't matter what I say.
I'll tidy it up a bit.
Here's a get well present!
What's that expression? It's new to Romio!
They have a stack room, too!
You can gaze down on the campus.
Oh, where am I now?
Are you here visiting someone?
What was that for?
Hey! Get back here!
It is, it's a boy!
Persia was gone before I realized it.
-You'd better not look over here. -I won't.
It's locked.
No response. Is he sleeping?
It's a lullaby that's been around in the West a long time.
It is gone.
-You're making me curious. -It's nothing!
The fever's back! Keep it together!
Rubby, rub
popularity and authority...
Want to come hang out with us?
I didn't want to watch the fireworks anyway!
Your hand's touching it. That's sexual harassment.
Shouldn't you be thanking me for saving you?
We may be 14 years old, but we're second-year high schoolers.
We were saving a cat.
Weird brats?
Thanks for the intro.
Don't you know?
If a prefect sets their sights on you, you'll start to lose lots of liberties.
I can't stand you pompous, hard-headed prefects.
You two are still just brats, you know.
-Snot-nosed, pants-pooping brats. -Inuzuka!
-I'm not going. -Don't be like that. It'll be fun!
Teria.
Nope.
-Let's ride the merry-go-round! -Yeah, right!
Sorry, have you been waiting long?
Oh, no. She smells nice. And she's soft in places.
Princess Char, about how much more are you...?
It's not fun!
-That was quick! -I'll remember this!
Could you wait here for a minute?
I can't just let you leave after that.
You asked for it!
Those little brats.
-I love... -Love?
That should do it.
Next time: "Romio and Char and the Present."
You see...
But she's Teria, so she hides.
This is it!
-I'm sure this would make Persia happy! -I'm sure this would make Persia happy!
Let go. I grabbed it first.
You'd better pay for that!
Hey, you two, no fighting.
She's in cat-mode.
Please return to school.
No! Stop, please!
what Per really wants.
This is a present for Per, of course!
Black would look nice on my baby doll.
Even if the wind blows up her skirt, there's no worries!
I just can't decide.
Are we going to wander around all damn day?
I can't help it!
But I wonder what business he had at Dahlia Street.
I am a little curious.
Speaking of curious, what about that rosary?
there'll be all sorts of trouble.
-What are you--? -Even if you're joking,
I was going to tell Per if you had some kind of ulterior motive.
But I guess there's no chance of that.
I'll come search with Scott some other day.
Give it back, brother!
Everyone wanted to fulfill my every whim.
and got the nickname "Tyrant Princess."
Oh, hey, bro. You look tough.
Why did you save me?
Give me a break!
Seeing her drawn closer and closer to you,
That was close!
So, Inuzuka...
That's surprising.
Okay. I can hardly wait.
-Hey, Scott! -Yes!
Wear a frilly apron for me!
But the two of them are, by nature, cogs that don't interlock.
Hasuki?
He's also Inuzuka's older brother.
Why would you have something like this?
Hasuki!
Then how do you explain this? Where'd you get this?
you'd be branded as a traitor.
No. Even from the Inuzuka family.
Hasuki Komai.
Hasuki has nothing to do with this. And I'm not colluding!
Let go, Teria.
They're good!
You might even call this a perfect cookie!
Not at all.
It was Inuzuka, wasn't it?
No, that's not true!
That's exactly why you're useless.
about tomorrow being Persia's birthday.
You must lay low until the surveillance--
to get my brother to drop his guard.
So you really are planning to see Persia. If you're caught, you'll be expelled!
We're to meet in front of the fountain at 11.
You feigned complete repentance,
Then what will you do?
Try to defy me?
Then there's no way--
But while I'm locked up, he'll surely let his guard down.
Prefects are supposed to protect and guide the students.
if we're caught, we won't get off so easily either.
He's beaten up pretty badly. Shouldn't he get treated?
I want to see you in good health.
No matter what happens, I'll protect you.
I'm sorry.
You savage!
Hey!
I can't.
My brother is in class.
I'm aware of the risk.
He needs to see the nurse!
Jeez, look at the shape you're in.
This is why I tried to stop you.
It's not so bad to skip once in a while.
Are you sure about this?
Hasuki isn't...
quite as straight-laced as you think.
Darn it, Inuzuka.
But as his friend,
That's not the ball!
This is too dangerous! Next!
I was supposed to be the one cheering him up today.
But Inuzuka's hand...
Get a hold of yourself!
It says here, "The wall is brittle, please stay back."
Goodness.
Your birthday party is starting.
Aren't these the cookies you were going to give to Inuzuka last night?
What are you talking about?
I thought I was prepared for this treacherous path.
I lost sight of what I should be doing.
I'm...
-Here, take this. -Huh?
They're the cookies she was going to bring you last night.
These cookies... No way...
Oh, by the way.
-Want to take part in our yearly tradition? -Sure!
Will we make it? Your brother will be watching again.
One hundred a piece!
-Don't say we can't see each other. -Okay.
-Did he run away? -Find him!
Don't be so on guard.
Come on, take a joke!
-Who is this guy? This guy's got issues. -"How are you 'dong' today" wasn't obvious enough?
-It was so embarrassing to show a stranger. -I'd better run.
See you!
So, I really wanted to meet you.
Who are you calling...
Well, now that it's come to this, I must fulfill my position as representative.
Next time, "Romio and Juliet."
His strength is different than my brother's.
As expected, they're something else.
This is no good.
Youre taking this lightly.
Wait, we're on the third floor!
It was faint,
So, he got involved with it.
Insane? Who's the insane one, you idiot?
Happy birthday!
Even though I said I didn't want to see you?
I was so, so happy.
the fact that I want to be by your side from now on.
As soon as the Black Doggy rep showed up, they played completely docile.
White Cats prefect, Rex!
CUTENESS SHOWDOWN
N-Now that's what I call cute.
I was wrong about you!
Got something to say?
I've been thinking about it.
Despite wearing your obedient disguise around me,
Of course, I have conclusive evidence as well.
That's the one I gave him.
I wouldn't worry, this is Persia and Inuzuka we're talking about.
You've got to be kidding, Inuzuka.
You're right.
Come, Romio.
Do your worst.
I couldn't even protect something so important.
I'm sorry. I was so relieved, I just...
We can't even wear them in front of people.
Inuzuka? Hey, are you listening?
You-- You don't need to imitate me!
As for Inuzuka and Persia,
I won't give up my angel so easily.
Your eyebrows? Your head?
Or perhaps...
The next time something like that happens, we'll have no alibi!
that should be a good start.
Then someday...
Keep your schedule open three days from now.
What to do about this?
-Your whole existence is boring, so I hit you anyway. -That's horrible!
Think we care? We're not on your retainer.
We won't be ordered around by you.
I'd always wanted one, a faithful Black Doggy hound.
So, you've got no choice but to obey me.
Sorry, wait here for a bit.
-What reason? -It's...
So, for now...
our anniversary can't be lonely, okay?
-Normally, you'd be lynched without question. -That's right.
I'll cut off your bangs and transplant them to your armpits!
You're in love with Persia, aren't you?
Then I'll just take them all.
-Shut up! -Your real goal was to get between Persia and me,
I can't forgive that!
-Persia? Why? -We share a room.
If she comes in now, she'll see the photos.
-I'm coming in. -Just hold on!
-Is someone else here? -Of course not!
only you, because you're special to me
Persia!
I ended up being pretty late.
You're at the age where you're interested in that stuff.
Don't bother with Inuzuka.
I'll show you how true love will feel
Alrighty!
Inuzuka. I came because you said I had to, but what is this?
We can't leave the dorm at all during the camp.
Fight! Fight! Fight!
Yes, ma'am!
Now, to test your current academic prowess, we'll be taking a small test.
All right, now I can show off to Persia. Question one.
It's cooler if a man fights it out fair and square with everything he's got.
Sorry about today.
What a bashful girl.
Hasuki?
I thought you might be keeping secrets from me.
I'll always be your ally.
You.
Hasuki isn't someone who'd start rumors.
What should I do?
Shut up. Now you're an accomplice.
I see.
That was close.
Well, I'd thought that before, but this "falling in love" part seems a little biased.
But the code is the code.
As your former friend, I will show mercy and behead you to hasten your death once you've begun seppuku.
What's got you looking so grim?
You're not getting away.
Nothing.
Persia?
but I wanted to respond to her feelings honestly.
-Hey! -This is a good opportunity.
-I'll settle things here, Persia. -Oh, no!
-Let go. -What are you doing here?
Plus, there's another reason I've come here.
I'm such a loser.
You're the one who changed my heart that day.
Persia!
It looks like Hasuki didn't spill the beans.
What? Hasuki!
What's that dumb face for?
Right.
Yeah. What are you--?
M--make...?
-That wouldn't really be a big deal. -Are you sure?
I confess all my love for you, I swear
Felt the wind
Beyond the dazzling times
It's finally come true.
My dream of having my girlfriend feed me her hand cooked food!
Just a moment, Persia.
I'm sorry. You even let me use the dorm kitchen.
Why don't you rest a little?
Persia's cooking.
Well...
It's not...
No matter how you look at it, there's enough for two.
Do you intend to violate the bento Lady Persia made?
The bento...
Come with me Scott. I'll make do with you as a plaything for today.
you're a surprisingly normal girl with normal problems.
I can't go on.
I won't let you tell me you've forgotten.
I really don't need you to intervene!
Dance?
I, Scott, will aim for the title of MVP.
Somali, I told you to act with respect.
What's with this blubbering pair?
A rift? The White Cats have things like that?
you're in love...
See you later, Persia.
Let's do this.
On your marks, get set...
The other day?
This was for me?
What's with that response?
Then, if I'm the MVP, you'll have to obey one order from me.
What? Then if I'm the MVP, will you take an order from me?
The three-day Dahlia Academy High School sports festival has finally begun!
The first day will be the first-years!
Let the games begin!
With only courage to overcome these obstacles
Boarding School Juliet
We will hear a speech from each of the housemasters.
Aby and Somali!
-We meet again, Inuzuka-- -You adulterer!
-It's always other girls, with you! Stupid Aby! -You can't hit on our idol.
Well, isn't this is the perfect opportunity?
The chosen power-fighters will go head to head.
Scott! If you lose, you'll be shaved clean!
This girl really does have some incredible power.
The second event is the athletic course.
I won't be holding back, Miss Princess.
All the runners must run atop this bridge.
-I stepped on something! -She's not doing the running!
This is a sports festival! Ref, are you not seeing this?
-I'll allow it. -Have you been bribed, you bastard?
Maru, you really gave him an earful!
My mother is sitting up there.
Wait, so should I introduce myself to your mother?
This grueling offensive and defensive game plays like a battlefield!
Per, are you okay?
Oh, no. What are you doing, Persia?
This wasn't an accident.
It stings...
Why do you get to ride on top? Get off!
Just get off already!
The ones making the most impact are Hasuki's unit!
I'll win this in Persia's honor!
Hasuki faces a shocking elimination!
You thoroughly trapped little Black Doggies...
Julio?
He's cheering for me.
They don't get it.
-Two from Aby's unit fell! -Wait...
These shoes harmed Persia...
Cheap, you say?
My passion so intense, my heart yearns
Everyone, t-thank you for watching t-this week. Now then...
Lady Persia!
I know you're not the type who can't fight when their wounds are hurting.
I expressed all of my feelings to you
So, I can't afford to lose.
I've got you!
Done in by a boob!
Wait, what about the after party?
I'll definitely return the favor.
Second-years, a draw.
I should have known bringing this to the table with you lot would be a fruitless effort.
is touching my cheek...
Now you're going to act tough?
If someone catches you--
Inuzuka...
That's Kohistuji's!
I see.
What's that expression? It's new to Romio!
Wait, what am I saying?
Now that I think of it, I've been at this school for over 10 years,
There's a festival coming up that's close to campus.
Stow it. There's no food for that chump here.
Just who the hell are you?
Was she so angry at me she left?
Persia has placed her trust in me!
Guess I'll come back later.
It's a lullaby that's been around in the West a long time.
Maybe it went away because I was able to relax.
Why? It's not really...
There's no reason.
Pulling me by the hand after I had given up
-I'm in! -I'm in!
Why don't we get going, Teria?
They're basically proxy teachers.
I'll show you how true love will feel
There's food stands and fireworks.
I've heard of it. We're allowed to attend it too.
You're probably right. There's no way...
Yes! I did it!
We may be 14 years old, but we're second-year high schoolers.
They're not just some kids!
These two are prefects!
Don't you know?
You know who I am?
Did they see our secret meeting?
Just kidding. Did I get your hopes up?
What are you doing to my little sister?
Anyway, your panic tells me that there's some secret to this rosary.
Don't point the fire extinguisher at us!
It's all over your face.
What, you want one?
We lost him.
Stuff happened and now they're chasing me.
The way he freaked out about the rosary, there's something to it.
Oh, no. She smells nice. And she's soft in places.
-If I may interrupt... -Who are you?
Princess Char, about how much more are you...?
Stop it!
I think I get it now.
If I win, you have to grovel before me.
Idiot! Prefects don't play childish games!
You're both kids, so you can spoil yourselves once in a while.
Don't treat us like kids! We're adults now!
One okonomiyaki plea-- What?
Oh, that's right.
Right.
With everything I have
One more week until Per's birthday!
You're in high spirits.
I'll show you how true love will feel
And in that moment
I expressed all of my feelings to you
Beyond the dazzling times
BLACK DOGGY HOUSE
Teria?
When Teria takes interest in someone, she follows them around.
-I'm sure this would make Persia happy! -I'm sure this would make Persia happy!
That's my line.
Because I despise you too!
Don't worry about me.
But I do have an escort!
A super strong escort from the West!
What ever do you mean?
Well, I know...
I couldn't care less.
My bosom is in perfect order.
I just got the chills.
Is it a cold?
Sure, sure.
I bet you don't even know what Persia wants.
Youre one to talk. How can her lover not know what she likes?
Boarding School Juliet
You'll be punished for this!
If you don't, well...
Want to touch?
You're relieved of escort duty.
Hey, stop that!
Everyone wanted to fulfill my every whim.
Persia, what are you saying?
Don't you hate me?
What's with you?
Is there a problem?
How much do you love Per?
She asked if I would lie to the housemaster...
It was...
You'll just have to think of a present on your own.
That was close!
An arrow message? From Persia?
I have a request.
I didn't ask for all that.
So, I'm relieved...
I wanna hold her!
Here's your present, it's hell!
It becomes a brawl and the place gets wrecked.
But this year we'll do it right! Right?
I don't think so.
Wear a frilly apron for me!
What are you peeking into my room for?
Next time, "Romio and Airu". Now, hurry up!
Even if something else happens,
your sisters will be here to protect you.
Silly! There's no way that'll happen.
We'll always be with you.
I'm back.
A bath, perhaps?
Don't fight over things like this...
Just stir the dish in the pot and don't let it burn.
That's right, this isn't just any ordinary underwear.
That's even worse!
We're the only ones here tonight.
Kei-chan.
L-Lies!
Oh, good morning Kei-chan.
OK.
I'll see you after school, Keita-senpai.
It doesn't matter.
Yes.inserted this -masat
Riko-senpai, too.
Why are we blessed with your presence today? 'What brings you here today?', but the sentence loses some meaning : where as somehting like 'Why are we blessed with your presence today?' may be too much - X3OY
Let me lead the way, Riko-senpai.
No! Kei-chan!!Dunno, doesn't she say "Nooo, Kei-chan!"? -masatYes she does. Masat TL from now on-N
Right here!
Seriously, what are those two doing?
Both of them are his older sisters.
It doesn't look like they're totally innocent, either.
How can it be...?
S-Sorry...
Why did you two come here in the first place?
We're doing this for Keita.
We were yelled at.
Only AkoRiko-senpai.
Really?
Uh? But, but the passing rate is a mere 50.
That's not good; you have to ask your tutor for help on the parts you don't understand.
Where?
How can you think of a test as a gamble?
I don't want that to happen!
Having him all to yourself, that's so unfair!Ako Riko
But if it's Riko...
It won't be by luck! I will definitely make sure Kei-chan passes.
Really... What are you doing?
I know that, but...
Want to see it?
Damn it, I won't lose.
Not blood-related, right?
Isn't it only 2 o'clock?Do we want to be writing out the number 2? I say since we are talking about time, we should be using "2"
I studied this with Ako-nee yesterday.
Then, let us start.
It means to look.
To have interest...
but a lot of other terrible things happened.
So...
Strawberry panties?!
There has to be something wrong, since you got an 85.
If you didn't cheat, then how did you get such a high score?
Hey, tell us, how good was the private lesson?
Kei-chan!
AhDoes this line really need a sub? She is moaning.-milky
I rub...
But, we're...added this -masat
Right now, I'm your teacher.
Sleeping with you.
But there's no need for a test at home...
Isn't that more of a punishment game? Shouldn't we TL the sign? -nt
Ten questions!
Uh? He's doing alright.
Huh?
That's not a year!I really want to reword this but i have no idea how. -milky
I haven't had one since 4th grade.
It's making me a bit nervous.
Standing in front of me is my sister!
A midnight snack.
If you don't mind...
Thank you! Itadakimasou! - I dunno what language this is, but it sucks.Thanks for the food!
I made it! My grade went up, look!grade or grades?
Thank you.
Isn't that amazing?
It was a dream?
Both of you be quiet!Disco! -masat
Then let me kiss you once as an apology.
Work hard! Keita!
I am stingy.
Keita, you've been getting midnight snacks from Ako-nee, right?
Anyway, it's not important in a situation like this.
Ah man, it must be nice to feel so good.
This and that are all waiting for you.
Little things like this in school don't impress you at all, right?
And Keita, you actually...
That's so unfair! Why is Keita the only one!
Damn it.
Don't twist it around!the line says "girl" as actor, but I only found Keita's line here -masat
But, I'm not satisfied with something cheap and unfinished. this is something cheap, so I won't give in!
I can't focus at all!
But before I knew...I don't know when that started...
Ri-Riko-nee! No, just then, that was...
Why?
I only want to give you a good luck present for studying so hard.
Right?again, split these up -masat
Great. Have a good taste, okay?
Okay, one sweets.
What should I do?
This position is tiring... Let's change places.
Ako.
Are you okay?
Don't bully Keita!
Forever.
Ako-nee.
Dozing off because of lack of sleep?
And what's more, why do they have feelings for you of all people?!
Geez! Will you cut that out already?!
Do you want to have dinner?
Here! Kei-chan.
Huh?
Honestly, what is this?
Geez! Forget that.
Really... Who's being a pervert now?
How did you get in?!
Why?
S-Stop it!
Oh!
Oh it's you, Mikazuki.
I'll definitely be your manager again.
That doesn't matter.
Today is Keita's important parent-teacher conference.
Ako-senpai.
Mikoni, are you ok?
Riko-senpai, please give one to me too!
Cut it out already!
I have something really important to do today.
Could it be that...
Ako-nee... Riko-nee...
Don't be silly.
No! I don't really...
Eh?! I-It's nothing!
It's nothing!
What do you mean expected?
You're right.
Yes.
I passed as well, didn't I?
it's just...
Wait a minute! Are you saying I'm dumb because of genetics?
Let's keep going for a little bit longer.
I'm sorry.
Right, just like that.
Which means "to watch something."
"F-Finally!"
"Being attracted to..."
Ako-nee, I don't understand this part.
I didn't!
To extract the flavor, apply salt and rub it in.
Rub, rub...
It seems that you're all done with history.
Ok, today we're going to have a test.
You don't have to be so surprised.
But, I've been doing tests at school...
I'll give you a kiss.
I get it, then I'll just have to make it more like a punishment game.
It seems I remember all that.
This is a punishment game, so you have to get punished!
Just because it's a game, I have no choice!
Okay, that's as far as this goes.
You made it?
Won't you eat my chocolates?
Mine is sweet as well, right?
No, mine is!
Wait a second!
I'm already tired enough from exam-studying!
Well, if you understand, then...
WHAT?!
This is my homemade Chinese seafood hotpot.
Well, if youre still saying something like that, I won't put it in for you!
Like what?
Give your enemy...
Keita, you're pretty lucky, aren't you?
Ready to do "this" and "that" with you...
HOW THE HELL CAN YOU EVEN SAY THAT?!
And then like this...
You can also do it like that, Senpai!
And now...
R-Riko-nee!
Didn't you say that you'd like some sweet things once in a while?
So it's not a kiss...
Thanks for the food!
Got it. Another order of sweets coming right up.
Sweets?
Wait, Riko-nee...
Eh?
This is Riko's doing!
What's wrong?
So sweet and...
A picture book?
Again, over there.
That's not it!
I don't want to remember, but then I want to remember it forever, too...
Back when we just became middle schoolers.
Keita has been really distant lately.
A boy, right...
What about trying to go out with one?
We can't keep running around with a brother complex.
Recently I'm being completely ignored...
Boys are so dirty!
They're mean.
I really want to see Keita's face right now.
U-Unbelievable.
It's sad not being able to see him, but...
I told you to stop doing that!
Another awful day.
Let Kei-chan get accepted into our high school.
Every day?!
Stop it.
We're already done.
But this is just to ease my mind.
So, which sister are you going to marry?
And this one, too.
So what are you going to do?
But that was just me growing up.
My sisters will...
Are you guys idiots?
I see how it is!
Because you're on the winning team when it comes to sexual things.
Ones with this kind of feel...
No, no, not in a million years!
Even without those intentions, it just happens... Right, Keita?
Don't waver, just show some courage.
Completely different from my sisters'.
Supreme Perfect Enlightenment.
Dispel my lust.
But, she does have that air about her...
She was looking over here... I wonder if she's still angry?
Stop shaking me!
Kei-chan!
Are you ok?
Damn this...
Get on.
B-But...
No no no!
We managed to escape.
We've been through a lot.
Jeez...
There he is!
A sanctuary that only adults know of.
My! It suits you two well!I hate this bitch.She says "my" three times, should we add it as, "My-my-my!" ? Up to you.
Men are always firm... just kidding.I think he's referring to that part...Yup, he is referring to that part
I'll kill you if you say that again.
A grandma?
Y-Yeah...
You can't touch there!
But Keita's so lonely...
Keep moving! Keep going!
You might find someone great.
Don't admit defeat yet!
Ah...Does this really need TL? can we please rip these out? I mean if its in the beginning of the sentence, i can understand, but this as its own line???
Ah, it's Keita's turn.
Get ready...
right now, we have no choice but to endure it.
You should do some activities too.
No way, I absolutely will not let you go back today.
I saw him.
Eh?
You're so not cute.
Is that all right? That was your savings.
Here! Here! And here!
Everyone is really serious.
Boys are such weird creatures...
We don't...
I love Kei-chan the most!
N-Nyaa
All these stores look the same, you could get lost easily.
It's filtering.
fscx95If you use use terms like "perverted" or "indecent"... Usually only the most common words are blocked, you see?
It's no use. Maybe they're too obvious?
"Piss-mania."
Apologize to all the Eroge fans.
Were you that dissatisfied, Riko-nee?
But the real thing should feel better, right?
They take pictures of the costumers who come here to cosplay.
But still...
Look here, would you like a nurse?
No way... I guess.
Kanetsugu-sama.
I understand, Kanetsugu-sama.
Just let go of it... Already...
Suminoe Riko-san?
Suminoe-san, what is a high school student doing in the adult section?
Darn it!
What do you mean you're buying it?
Y-Yeah, she should have been back by now.
Wasn't it simply because you wanted it?
You came just in in time.
So that's why you were holding onto it so tightly? TLC
What are you doing on the adult floor?
Such abnormality can only lead to unhappiness.
H-How about you, how do you feel when your sisters tell you that they love you?
We're now allowed to sell the canceled orders!
The problem might be from your side, after all.
Yes.
At this shop, the men dress up as military commanders for the women.
It's a kind of flirting game.
Hello, Ako, Riko-senpai.
Did my sister cause any trouble?
Your sister?
Since there's no other way until I become an adult.
See you later, Keita-senpai.
Yes, of course.
I wonder what it would feel like if Kei-chan told us that.
But, just one more time,
Hmmm, what should I do?
But...
Thanks for coming during summer break, even though you must be busy studying for your exams.
That's just great.
Ah, Kei-chan!
Yeah. I got it. I'll come with you.
Take a peek.
Yeah, just one pair.
What now?!
Take this, you pervert!
But that is nothing to be ashamed of.
Kei-chan, don't look!
Thank you, Suminoe-kun.
I'll wash the jersey and give it back to you.
Isn't that what it means to be passionate about teaching?
It's okay if it's only for a little while, just this once, right, Yuuzuki?
Oh no, you can see that my nipples are hard even though it's a jersey.
This actually doesn't feel all that bad.
But I don't care, I'm already a fool!
Naoe Kanetsugu and his father, Kanetoyo, joined forces and reached Kagekatsu Bay, but...
It's okay,
Huh?
No, even a third time.
H-He'll probably forgive me.
Me and my sisters...
Do you want to grope me?!
All right, now let's see how we could use "slut" in an example sentence.
I read about it in a magazine.
Thanks for telling me about such a great place.
They seem to have calmed down.
This is what the ideal relationship between an exam student and his sisters should look like.
It is, isn't it?
You see, it's so crowded and so hot
Oh, those everlasting summer memories!
Even an exam student can take a breather on this day!
We want to create those memories together with everyone else!
I wonder where they all ran off to.
Maybe I should go home.
I don't know.
This looks delicious!
Is it the festival? Is it because we're at a festival?
It's all soft and fluffy.
I pulled it out.
You were saying things like, "I'm afraid of the dark" and "I hate this."
You're such a scaredy cat.
Right?
Very well,
It's all about "Oh heaven, give me seven challenges and eight sufferings" isn't it?
Keita!
You too, Keita.
Kei-chan!
The summer has ended and the leaves have started to turn red.
But if it was a charm that would only work for me or something, that would be something different.
I've got it!
How is it?
Kei-chan! It's time for a midnight snack!
Well you have to win at your exams, right? tlc? nx alt: Well, you need strength to beat your exams, right? or something instead of beat
Look forward to it, 'kay?
I saw your balls and your pole.
It's good, Keita...
Or do you think I'm joking?
Then why don't you get out of the kotatsu?
Or not.
What's wrong?
Ah, Ako-senpai! Riko-senpai!
Well, there's strength in numbers.
One, two, three...
Well then...
I'll leave you to making the bag for the charm.
Have Kei-chan... pull them out?!
I got one.
Wait, I don't want that!
How should I feel about that?
What's this all of a sudden?
It's finished.
We completely missed our chance to go back since we were so in the moment.
Stop that!
Thank you.
We made it ourselves.
We should have just given up on the whole idea!
A kiss to you.
But you see...
D-Don't tell me... You too, Riko-nee?
Okay?
Stop getting in my way!
Stop fighting, both of you.orig: Stop fighting, you two. other orig: Stop fighting, guys.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
You're whispering something in his ear!o Seems like you are whispering in his ear!
If his left one is bad, he may not be able to clearly hear what they're saying for the English portion.
Yup!
Ako-nee...
What's that? It's scary.
Nofscx200-
Damn, what a lucky guy.
Now we won't regret it even if you fail.org: You look like you won't regret it even if you fail. TLC'd
That's pretty cruel, faggotsguys.Aren't you guys going a little bit overboard?
No matter what kind of a problematic child he may be,
I wonder if it's going well for Kei-chan.
Let's call a truce.
Let's just go back to our rooms and sleep.
Agreed.
I-It's ok.
Kei-chan...
You're such a scatterbrain.
That isn't something a high school girl should say...TLC'd
I really know this.
I'll definitely...!
Don't tell me you're going to say, "I breezed through that?"
Even when sleeping...
I wonder if you'll believe me or not,
Good night,
W-Wait, don't start crying, Riko!
I'm already trying so hard to hold it in!
It's finally here!
His exam number was 1114.
That's my boy! Way to go, Keita!
My, my. But Keita is my child!
I don't know, but... it feels as if I had one messed up dream.
And mature...
You're wearing a different scarf today.
If you want to feel great sliding, come to Naeba Ski Resort.
From now on we'll be in the same school again, Ako-senpai!
Let's slide and slide all day, Riko-senpai!
It comes with free drinks as well as many other things...
What's wrong?
You're awesome! The best there is, Keita-senpai!
We were of no help whatsoever.
So, with that said, I'm sorry it turned out this way.
Next year Banzai!
Coming...
Wh-What's up?
You'll catch a cold, Keita.
Ako-nee, Riko-nee... I did it, I really did it!
Passed...
He passed...
Keita...
Congratulations, Kei-chan.
Congratulations, Keita.
Keita-senpai!
I'll have to thank her for that when I see her.
What are you two acting so lovey-dovey about?
Why are you two here?
You're awful, Keita-senpai!
Goddammit, Keita!
No, not really.
All participants, please write down what you want in order.
Second.
Third!
And fourth...
I-I just got dragged along... Kind of...
Next up is "The right to have Keita-senpai flip my skirt"?
So Keita-senpai put your hart and soul into, you hear me. TLC: complete bs againKeita-senpai, take a good look and burn the image into the back of your head, okay?
Ah, in front of everyone?
"The right to be able to censoredOO alone with Keita for 5 minutes in the P.E. storage shed...?"
That's kind of rude to say, isn't it?
Phew, I finally said it.
Watch out!
I'll just go to bed.
If I don't want to become jealous, I've got no other choice but to do it like this.
Kei-chan.
Keita-senpai.
Wait for me, Keita-senpai.
iza saraba
Is that so?
But you told us you hadn't changed.
I guess we're going to have to hold his hands.
Riko-neechan.
But you're a boy Keita, so one day you'll have to stand up for yourself.
We'll always be with you.
And what's more, why do they have feelings for you of all people?!
Listen up Keita.
If you lie, we won't forgive you!
Welcome home!
Since you've seen Riko's, you should look at mine too..
Don't fight about every little thing...
Keita didn't wanna look at your small boobs.
Shut up!
Or maybe pure?
I'm gonna take this time to get his clothes.
Really... Who's being a pervert now?
Where did my boxers go?
Anyway, tonight...
Oh well, time for bed.
So heavy.
We can't do this!
L-Lies!
Huh? Huh?
I'm leaving!
Don't scare me like that.
Keita-senpai, please wait a little bit longer.
So the parent-teacher conference is going to be important, right?
Wait for me!
Ako-senpai!
Ako, this way.
What a relief.
I didn't think about your feelings and said too much.
Right?
Next time, a lesson with just the two of us.
Geez, what are you doing?
It's time to get serious!
That's the spirit, Kei-chan!
Come on, you were looking at me again.
Kei-chan, what do you want to eat for dinner?
I'm listening.
To solve this I have to...
So you wrote it all over your body... grammar check
On my right thigh it says...
He's a groper, a groper!
That Keita, he's got some nerve.
If you want to grope someone, you can always...
If it's for Keita, even I can...
Did you cheat?
That intelligent and magnificent student president.
She must have taught you other things as well!
That wonderful creature is a teacher now?!
Then I have to give you a reward for working so hard.
About ten minutes ago, I think.
You don't have to be so surprised.
You've got to pull it together!
W-Wait.
If you give me a hickey there, I'll be in trouble.
Okay, that's as far as this goes.
I made it for you.
Thank you.
With sugar and spice.
Sugar and spice.
No, mine!
That's right, just cut it out already, Ako.
Ta-Da!
This is my homemade Chinese seafood hotpot.
Do your best!
But what?
Sweets!
There's a reason why I want to give them to Keita.
Home economics classs handmade cooking.
Keita, you're pretty lucky, aren't you?
Ready to do "this" and "that" with you...
That's not fair! Why is it only you?!
Gentlemen, let's do this!
Anyway, I'll get out of here before I get dragged into this.
Guess I've got no choice.
W-Was there something wrong with the way I explained things?
D-Don't be scared, you can tell mefscx200-
All right! I'll just have to borrow some.
Dad?
Kei-chan.
How did what happen?
R-Riko-nee!
Keita.
Or am I wrong?
Not at all. It's just chocolate.
Thanks for the food!
Trying to make a fool out of me!
You even spelled it wrong...
This time I'll put some on your tongue, so stick it out.
Ok.
What's wrong?
I didn't know that Riko-nee was like this...
The picture book we used to read when you were little?
It's a second helping.
Riko-nee...
Bigger breasts are...
A man's romance.
This is the only relaxation bored candidates get.
Huh?
What happened, Kei-chan?
Maybe he's cheating on us.
But?
There are things in this world called accidents.
On a vaulting horse...
No! It's bothering me.
What the hell am I thinking!
Katsu!I really need to know that spell -masat
I couldn't study at all...
No, no, no!
Hurry, hurry!
Let's go!
I guess, it would be better if I apologized.
I'm about to burst.
I can't... I couldn't stop it.
But it looks like it's too high.
I don't have any weird intentions, it's just...
Keita sure is late, isn't he?
Yeah.
Hasn't it felt like it's been just the two of us lately?
There's nothing we can do, he's at that age.
But, it's kind of sad.
O-Ok.
I want to have those wonderful days back!
What should I do?
What about trying to go out with one?
Me?!
I've got it, let's try it.
It sucks to be twins in these situations, doesn't it?
I told you to stop doing that!
Come on, don't pull on my arm.
Well... I'm here anyway, so...
Let us be able to come back from school together again.
We've been coming here every day since you started studying for the exams.
It's not like I believe in gods.
Then, first is the kiss of oath.
That's right, we even wrote a good luck charm.
Because it's impossible!
What's wrong?
Just watch. I'm going to get in Tamahide High for sure!
Sheesh, those things we call guys...
These kind of curves... I can't control myself anymore!
The feeling of almost being able to see it and yet not being able to see it...
Hang out with us.
I mean it!
Welcome back!
I smell a lucky pervert.
But?
There are things in this world called accidents.
Accidents?
Oh my, what a youthful scene.
Woah, I'm all powered up!
Mom, could you give me another cup of coffee?
Let's go!
I didn't know she was the librarian.
No!!
Um...
Did you see Kei-chan?
I can't stop it anymore.
Ah! A bathroom!
Look, we could get out through there.
But it looks like it's a little bit too high up.
"That"?
I don't...
No no no!
That Kei-chan...
There he is!
Say "nyaa".
You've tried this before, haven't you?
"Treasure boat."
I've had enough.
If he finds out...
But I don't want them to do that.
Welcome.
Come on, just take 'em off already.
W-Why is she here?
A shock?!
N-Not good. I can't have her talking about this.
Yeah! I was just looking into the contents of these games I keep hearing about, it's just research. TLC
Well...
Well...
This is it.
What are you doing on the adult floor?
Who's this?
What are you kids thinking! Brother and sister, that's just disgraceful.
That still doesn't mean...
We won't be disturbed here.
Mikazuki, why are you here?
Yeah, that's right.
But...
But I wanted it no matter what.
Samurai code...
No, don't worry about it...
Thanks for coming during summer break, even though you must be busy studying for your exams.
Huh?
Getting frisky with your junior to relax after studying, eh?
You have to fill up the space with a pad. That's common sense.
Wow, unbelievable!
There shouldn't be any problems if I just stay at the side.
Are you talking about Mikazuki-chan?
Hey!
Are you really all right with wearing that?
Be it good or bad, we didn't bring a change of clothes.
That might be so, but if Kei-chan gets into our school...
You'll be seeing Kiryuu-sensei every day.
Naked?!
as punishment...
Y-Yes.
Aaah, Keita-kun's tongue is inside of me!
Good morning, Masamune-sama.
That's right!
Welcome! Welcome!
We've got some great things for you today!
Slut, slut...
Right there, that feels great, Riko-nee.
They seem to have calmed down.
It is, isn't it?
I don't want to!
Nothing, really.
Wait! Please, wait!
It's annoying.
but maybe I would have been better off staying home and studying.
How did this happen?
So you don't want any this time.
Hello little chicky, hello.
Kei-chan, get it out!
Please, hurry up!
What are you "psh"ing about?
I need to go to the bathroom.
Which one do you want?
What are you saying, Riko-nee?
It was when we came here when we were little.
What do you think?
Aren't I just like a midsummer fairy?
Keita!
I could say the same about you.
I can't hold it any longer, I'll have to do it here.
Hey, where do you think you're going?!
Well... I'm slowly getting there.
Why don't you ask Ako to tutor you again?
My good luck charm?
Kei-chan! It's time for a midnight snack!
It's my turn this time.
Just kidding!gj nixx Moshi
I'm sorry, did I hurt you?
Th... there...
I won't understand if you say "there".
How am I going to figure that out from this?
Don't call it a "pole!"
It's your own fault, isn't it?
Or do you think I'm joking?
Ah, is something wrong?
...nothing.
Oh? Riko, your face is all red.
Yeah, I'm feeling kind of hot. Maybe I should come out from under the kotatsufscx200-
If it really helps Keita pass, you should at leastfscx200-
It's right before the exam period, after all.
Well, there's strength in numbers.
I've got to hurry.
just the food and the victory headband might not be enough.
Even if you say that, there's no way we can gather that many on such short notice.
P-Pubicfscx200-
And to finish it off, she said something like that...
He'd probably throw them away.
That's right.
I got one.
Wait...!
If we're making one we should be quick about it.
Then I'll just go to the bathroomtoilet.
It's not like that, I'm going to the bathroomtoilet to pull one out!
Kei-chan!
A kiss to you.
It's all right.
I'll get better if I sleep enough.
Yeah.
You've been working so hard yet you're saying this?!
No matter how much we'd bother you,
Jeez.
It's just like that.
Once your exams are over, you can let it all out inside of me.orig. I'll let you shag me as much as you want. orig orig: we'll let you put it inside as much as you want. and yes it's singular
Just lay back and relax.
Don't panic, if you read the questions properly, you shouldn't have any problems.
Who would've thought that he'd hit us out of the blue like that.I didn't think he would hit us when we weren't expecting it like that. why does this all sound like shit -nxWho would've thought I'd react so strongly to that. TLC'd
That is love!
Seriously?
Yeah, he was the best.
why are you sleeping in my bed?
Even more than us, his older sistersliteral: elders.TLC'd
Kei-chan.
Riko, you idiot!
I don't know.
I don't know, but... it feels as if I had one messed up dream.
Ako, how's the cooking coming along?
Nevermind...
You're wearing a different scarf today.
TL Note: A pun on the word Suberu to skislip up.
We're here.
Oh, man! That's bad. How could I forget to put them up?
Something is definitely wrong.
Let's go!
Exams!
We're sorry, Kei-chan.
Let's eat it.
Yes.
When I finally found him, it turned out he was holding this all along.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Thank you, Mikuni.
What the hell?!
We're finally going to be together again!
We'll finally be together again this spring.
Thank you, my middle school life.
You didn't really study as hard as you say you did, right?
It put me in a really troublesome position, guys.
Before?
What?! This sucks.
It'd be a waste if we left here empty-handed.
Second.
Denied.
Well, then, let's get started.
Yeah, I wrote this one.
Last come, best served, eh?
This atmosphere spells disaster!
Kei-chan looks really turned on!
I-I was thinking this while I was writing it myself i changed it up a bitI-I didn't really think about it while writing, but five minutes might be a bit long...
Oh, no! Why now of all times?!
Thank you.
Suminoe-kun.
Oh, my. Oh, my.
No, I've got to...
That's already gone!
I have to keep this one, at least.
That's for my sisters.
What are you doing? That's so embarrassing at this age.
I want to depend on you.
The height of that girl you love...
Which will give us Ako-senpai and...
What are you filming?
Guys, peeping toms are complete scum.
You, who do all sorts of things with your two sisters every single day,
Like hell I'll let you catch me!
Wait, dammit!
Wait!
Is the whole school having a bloomer party?
I can take that and give it to her later.
Is that so?
I'll pay you back!
All right!
Mikadzuki, what are you doing here?
I'm not going to lose this year!
Mikuni-san, have you...
Wow! Mikuni-senpai, your breasts are impressive as usual!
probably fondles your boobs like this every day, right?
I see. It looks like you're still growing.
Your breathing is rushed.
Plus your face is flushed and your heartbeat is irregular.
Hey, hey, now your pulse is rising, how strange indeed!
You're too rough!
Anything.
Riko-san, you're seventy-five.
This is the only way I'll beat Riko!
Damn you, you followed us here?
Hell no I won't! Now hand over that digicam!
Oh, right!
Oh... no!
Why didn't you say that from the start?!
Ako-nee! Riko-nee!
He's secretly filming us!
I can't wait!
That's right! We're the only ones who get to be lovey-dovey with Kei-chan!
Yeah, let's go!
Orders will be taken until two months before the initial sell date, so pay attention!
I would have preferred a game console, though.
If you have a PC, you can use the internet.
And on the internet, there are lots of uncensored...
What's up with them?o: What's this all about? -lexi
What are you doing? Let's go.
It's a filter!
What do we do?
Nothing works... Maybe it's still too direct.
Let's switch.
It's decided. We're getting an eroge!
After that, we girls will become women!
Keita!
Are you hiding something? The two of you are being a little strange today.
It's almost provocatively revealing.
And what are you doing grabbing an eroge, Kiryuu-sensei?
Lucky! There's still one left. The last one is mine.
"I'm buying that!" What's that supposed to mean?
Kiryuu-sensei?
Sensei, are you by any chance... an otaku?
She's our teacher in high school.
Yes.added -masat
Now that I think about it, there were rumours that Ako-san was in love with her younger brother.
We disagree...
I will risk my reputation as a teacher and put you back on the right path!
Miss, what kind of armour would you like for your cosplay?
Yes.
Kanetsugu-sama, please... flirt with me!
Always under the same roof
and that's fine
STAR LIGHT twinkles more than it did yesterday
Embracing my precious memories, Ill step forward
Geez... you're too rough.
This is summer vacation! At the ocean! An adventure!
We're at a private beach we have all to ourselves!
What'll happen if you don't don't take this opportunity to liberate your body and soul and let everything hang out?
Keita!
So, how about here?
Why does it have to rain on the weekend of all things?
Keita-senpai!
It didn't rain in the morning, so I came completely unprepared!
No sniffing, please!
It practically clears my head of my lustful desires.
You mean Ako and Riko-senpai?
You idiot! What are you... you're wrong!
I'm telling you...
Forget what I said.
You're the one who's been sexually harassing me, so don't act modest!
Um... Keita-senpai...
If... If she finds me here...
I was feeling sleepy, so I laid down.
Mikadzuki... are you...
Have you, gained weifscx200-
You're a lifesaver!
Thank you... huh?
Yeah.
You shouldn't suspect people.
So don't move an inch, okay?
Don't you have any prospects at your school?
My heart was going a mile a minute!
Uh, I didn't think anything of it.
Come on, be honest.
What's wrong, Keita-senpai?
That's the honey from my peach.
You're supposed to knock!
Aloha! Welcome home, Keita!
Welcome to the Suminoe Hawaiian Resort!
This is too much!
he's even after my precious sister!
This is unpardonable, Suminoe Keita!
Embracing
No!
Oh my gosh!
He does!
Oh God! So he did have his sights on Mikadzuki.
What are you doing to my stuff?!
Why am I taking a shower at one of my students houses?
So, Keita...
Well, whatever.
I know, but...
Owww...
Though I cant exactly brag about it.
Hey, shes moving!
I dont think it did...
Keita-kun, whatll I do?!
How would you like some sushi in return for making a man out of Keita?
You said it yourself.
Oh well.
I have never once thought of them as sex objects!
Whats with that?
jerking off to tonight.
Kei-chan!
Keita-dono...
The next limited edition volume will be produced based on the number of orders, none will be produced after orders are taken.
and that's fine
Always under the same roof
Be there always, until the day we can meet again somewhere
Listen, Keita. If Ako tries anything funny, call me immediately!
And this one has chocolate...
Youre always...
Thats carbohydrates.
Kei-chan, look!
Oh? You wont lick it? A guy needs his sodium, you know.
Gotcha!
Youll leave a mark if you suck on me.
Yeah, but still...
That voice...
Is Keita in danger?
Sure.
We ran out of salt.
Wait, Kei-chan!
On your armpit.
Ako-nee?
Ako-nee, you washed away whats good about you down the drain!
Ill make you remember!
More... more!
go blank...
Your nose is bleeding!
Riko?!
Kei-chan, nooo!
Now whos trying to fool whom?
And you did that in broad daylight?
K...
Its a long story.
So nothing really happened between you two?
Why would I? Youre killing me!
And Suminoe Riko!
Hey, Riko, did you know were now on our tenth KissxSis OAD!
What are you saying?
Caught ya!
I-If you do that, then...
K-Kei-chan!
Let me in too.
Stop it!
Let's go have a swim in the bath together.
I'm so glad I listened to Ako-nee.
I'm sure it was fate that let me return home with you.
We might as well call ourselves a couple from now on.
It's embarrassing.
I'm very sorry, Keita-senpai!
What are you saying?
No.
What a perverted... I mean, what a magnificent way of getting energy.
How could I...
Can't you trust me?
which one would you choose?
My skirt...
There's a criminal here!
So you didn't want me to see this.
Keita-senpai...
This is just... um...
Sorry.
I'm back.
Yeah, but aren't you cold in just your underwear?
Doesn't mean that I won't reveal it myself.
Ah, there it is.
Real boys only think about perverted things!
Aren't you a...?
There are a lot of boys.
Why should I be with Suminoe-kun...?
Today is such a fun day!
For example, if I turn this comforter over, something interesting might happen.
He reacted to this story, didn't he?
How was it?
Why are you turning your back on me like you're embarrassed?
Don't I look like a child with and without panties?
Thanks for having me ov...
I suffered so much...
Smooch!
W-What is this?!
You just needed the right environment, right?
We worked really hard to get it like this in one day
Look, see for yourself.
Don't you think we appeared a little less in this episode?
And also at the last part Yuuzuki-sensei was really enthusiastic.
Could it be that she's planning a home visit?!
I feel like we're going to appear less and less.
so stealing a march on me is a no no
Become bigger! Become bigger!
You're right. We haven't been able to enter Keita's room, let alone his bed.
It's bothering you, isn't it?
So. Have you taken a look yet?
Sorry for interrupting.
Ako, you've become quite perverted these days.
I'm shocked! This is so dirty!
And I'm wondering who was just about to do something with this dirty book.
Because there are lots of holes I can poke at.
Just like any other girl!
But why do we have to do it in his room?
It seems if we move our hips and kiss, we'll get wet.
Uehh! No way! Why do I have to do it with you?!
This is getting annoying somehow.
Isn't that OK? It's just a kiss.
Can you feel it?
Ako, they have become harder.
Riko, are you that much of a sensitive person?
No way...
That's not true!
What? You're more lewd!
Does it feel good here? Come on, come on!
I said don't!
To think that Keita's smell and the stimulus from down there would feel this good...
But, it's good, it feels so good!
Riko...Hurry up!
I can't stop... K-Kei-chan!
Yeah! Me too!
No... Ehm...
Just when I thought it's gotten noisy... It's just another quarrel.
So noisy...
Doing target practice with him, eating famous local specialties and going sightseeing...
Get in the hot springs, and then...
I'm happy that you have matured
K-Keita!
Just hand over those recording devices at once!
You who get to do THIS and THAT everyday with Ako and Riko who we adore...
You cant possibly understand how I feel!
Wait up!
That girl is...
Doing it as hard as you can doesn't necessarily make it feel good, eh?
Ako-senpai, do your best!
Even though you take part in activities that should help, your flexibility is rather limited.
It never seems to come out when you want it to.
Why is so much coming out?
I cant take it... Im breaking...
And I went out of my way to stand in line since morning just to buy it for you.
You havent finished your health checkup yet?
First, well start with your bust.
Experience... Experience... Experience...
When did you?
I wonder if Keita-senpai prefers them large...
Well regroup at X-point later!
Oh shit! They couldn't be...
Ive got more!
I-Its... no good.
Or rather, no one would go along with that.
Shed go that far?
S-Sensei...
Sensei, hurry and weigh me!
Okay, both of you, Ill factor in the weight of your clothes now.
Come on!
Thanks.
I hear were going to the beach in the next episode!
Preorders are available two months before the release date.
But...
And sales of the limited edition Kanetsugu-sama figurine start tomorrow.
Like this...
That's great.
So, you're staying home, right Riko?
I-It's not like I really want to look at something like that.
Ako, hurry up!
T-This is...
Here you go. That will be 2500 yen.
How does it look?
Waaah! My pads!
Fine, be like that!
You want to wait?
It's been so long since we went out with Kei-chan. I think I overdid it.
Are you talking about Mikazuki-chan?
And this!
But that's nothing to be ashamed of...
Isn't that what it means to be passionate about teaching?
It's not only Ako-san and Riko-san; I bothered their little brother Keita as well.
I have to make sure I wash it properly and give it back.
The smell of a boy's sweat...
Indeed, being naked and all.
The bottom feels a little bit uncomfortable.
Actually, this doesn't feel bad at all.
If I keep doing this, I'll go insane.
Big?
Oh my? Why am I naked?
There's no way I can return it like this!!
My sisters and I are...
It's yummy and a bit salty. EroYatsu TLC
Wait! Wait please!
Wha... What is this?
What are you going to do there?
This way is better, right?
Nee-chan!
Riko wants you to relax too.
You're always getting in the way!
The toilet...
Ako wants you to relax too.
For example, behind a store...
As you are siblings, it shouldn't be allowed!
Mi...Mikazuki?
I don't know. I wonder why...
I caught you!
The time goes by so fast.
That's exactly the problem.
But as an exam applicant, you need one, right?
I'll make some tea for you then. "Ageru" indicates doing something for someone - EroYatsu
Thanks.
Give it your best shot, Keita.
It's delicious!
Riko-nee?
Like I said, what?
Riko-nee! Hey!
We didn't see each other. That was more like an accident.
Maybe it's getting hot in here.
Yeah, it's hot, I'll just...
What's going on?
Where did all these people come from?
But isn't it great that you won't have to worry alone?
Ako!
Now now, think about it.
He might throw them away.
N-No.
Stop it!
Even if you say that...
She returns at last. literally: Ah, it finally ended.
Hm, as it's this late already, we have to do it quickly.
What's this all of a sudden?
Ako, just go to bed now.
I completely missed the timing to go back on this.
It's fine!
But with my sisters' vigour... this'll be effective for sure!
Screw this, we shouldn't have done this!
No, it's not!
I'm sorry, I caught the fever from him.
It doesn't matter how hard I tried.
You're someone who can do it as long as you try!
Kei-chan.
The next one will go deeper.
Don't stick it inside my ears!
You're still going to continue even though I'm covered in this much sweat? Hey!
They're really trying to catch my cold.
It's warm. I'll leave everything to you two, Nee-chan.
I'll be going.
I love you.
My beloved school, Tamahide High School...
No matter what kind of problem child he may be, he's now an exam student.
I call a temporary truce.
Eh?! Mine?! But why?!
That's not something a high school girl should say.
This is a problem I solved with Riko-nee.
Why are they sleeping together?
Ako-nee, Riko-nee, I've done all that I could do.or can do
You two must be awake! You're teasing me again!
There's a lot wrong with it, but I really am the happiest brother in the universe.
Ako.
I'm trying to hold back my tears, you know? Stop it!
Riko, you idiot!
It'll be really exciting, somehow!
Something like this will do, right?
Yeah, like that would be fine.
Y-Yeah...
Right? Right?
The wind is this way...
I just can't stay still.
Look.
My lucky item.
Ri...Ri...Riko-nee.
TL Note: ochiru - "to come off" or "to fail"
...come to Naeba Ski Resort!
Go for it, Kei-chan.
This... This isn't...
This is bad, this is bad.
It's a lie. A lie!
She is your little sister, right?
Letter: Suminoe Keita-sama
Kenta!
Yes.
He was trying to bury it in the garden, so...
Congratulations, Kei-chan.
Riko-neechan.
We told you leave us ours!
It happened in the blink of an eye, so...
Why is Keita always the popular one?
If you're fine with me, please take my button.
I'll start first.
First.
Third.
Fourth...
Then why are you here?
Opinion rejected, right?
Next is, the right to have Keita-senpai flip your skirt?
It's the prize I wrote myself.
Well, panties won't be enough to bewitch Keita-senpai.
The right to stay in the gym store room for five minutes and do XX with Keita.
...to...
Seriously...
Kei-chan isn't dissatisfied or anything.
T-That's right. Then let's change it to one minute.
N-Normally, you would do stuff with someone in your own year.
That's it!
Mikuni Miharu, it's frustrating, but I have to acknowledge you.
Oh my, isn't that your dad's?
What do they mean by me having any plans...
Keita...
Wait, what are you doing?
Bear with it.
You can't...
I can't choose between the two of you.
For our sake...
...chooses.
Riko-neechan.
Forever.
Kei-chan!
Now, let's try this again.
No way!
Shut up!
Two centimeters is a big difference.
You're being a pervert.
Wait! Where did you get those?!
I'm sorry Kei-chan.
Don't worry about it.
Drink this first.
Kei-chan, you weirdo.
Anyway, tonight...
Keita.
That's something completely different from now!
This is just a western greeting.
Just a dream...
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
Oh, Riko, why don't you take the trash from Kei-chan's room downstairs?
Huh?
Oh it's you, Mikazuki.
Being my manager is no big deal.
So the parent-teacher conference is going to be important, right?
I agree.
Ako-senpai! Riko-senpai!
Persistent buggers.
Right here! Right here!
They're siblings...
Anyway, I'm sorry.
That's alright. Let us through!
Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
Why didn't you come out sooner?
Why?
That's right.
I have something really important to do today.
So you two should just hurry and go home.
Do you want all their efforts to go to waste?!
That won't do, if there's something you don't understand, you should just ask your teacher about it.
This is bad, her breast are...
Let's keep going, we can still make it.
But Riko, you...
Hey, you over there!
Ako-nee...
Are you making any progress with your studying?
Why am I the dumb one?
Well said, Riko.
Your father likes that kind of attitude.
I'm sorry.
Which means...
"To watch something."
Yeah, the test was ok, but a lot of other stuff happened as well.
That intelligent and magnificent student president.
Who would do that?
Well, then what kind of studying did you do?
Something like this, I guess.
Then I have to give you a reward for working so hard.
I'm your teacher right now.
What are you doing here?
You've got to pull it together!
This is what you were calling a punishment game, right?
I didn't mean that.
If you hate it that much, just answer correctly!
It seems I remember all that.
Who was the last Shogun of the Muromachi Bakufu?
TL Note: "Shogun" is a military rank and historical title for hereditary military dictator of Japan.
That has nothing to do with the time periods!
I-Idiot, why am I getting excited?
But if it's somewhere where it can't be seen, you can do whatever you like.
So lighthearted.
I made it for you.
Of course, I'll eat it!
Thank you.
So sweet.
No, mine is!
Keita!
This is my homemade Chinese seafood hotpot.
There's still a hidden ingredient left in there too!
I've been getting more gray hair lately... Well, I guess it can't be helped...
Well whatever, let's just leave it at that.
I-It's not like that!
I've got a lot of problems of my own.
A little like this...
Idiot, stop messing with it!
I guess I'll just have to buy some.
Alright! I'll just have to borrow some.
What about it?
I see.
Yeah, just chocolate.
I-Ittafscx200-
I was nervous... I've never put on lipstick.
This is Riko's doing!
Hold it like that.
It feels like my legs will give way at any moment.
What's wrong?
Hey, do you remember?
Go eat your dinner!
Just normal sweets.
I just wanted a little more.
Come-eat-me.
That's not it!
Okay, let's do this.
Yeah.
So you're finally in middle school.
I want to have those wonderful days back!
Dad was saying that men are supposed to stand alone sooner or later.
But also your little brother.
That's the Chief of Police... no, wait, I mean incest.
I don't like it when you touch me there!
W-Well, actually...
Why are these boys so persistent?
Me?!
Why would I? I've got Kei-chan.
But, you might have a point.
It was a nice reality check.
They're violent and perverted.
Well... nothing much.
It sucks to be twins in these situations, doesn't it?
You're not getting away.
Keita-senpai!
Where am I going? Home, of course.
What do you mean "mwah?"
Riko-nee?
We're already done.
praying that we could marry you.
Are you sure about this?
That's not true, if you ask the gods, it can be done.
Those times were great.
I think it'd be best if you started considering a lot of things.
Is that so?
That's why there are still a lot of people who come here for love.
If Ako or Riko see this...
Because it's impossible!
If I can't pass the test, I won't even be able to stop it.
Where are you going?
Even if I want to run, I can't.
No, no more
Just the breasts!
I mean it!
Uh... I'm for big breasts!
Nothing really.
Shut up.
I need to just forget about it.
You can't lose to cheating!
Fight!
Keita.
Kei-chan.
Let's go!
Impossible. I can't hold it anymore.
Hey!
Nee-chan?! This is bad, if they find me like this...
Kei-chan, where are you?
Eh?!
I'm at my limit.
Kei-chan!
It's no use.
What should we do?
Slowly, ok?
It's ok, I'll do that myself.
Why is this happening to me...?
Hey, Keita!
That's the first step to adulthood.
Let's go! The town of electronic eroticism!
Uneasiness at Akiba.
I'm for curves...
Eat up!
I-It's nothing.
Hang out with us.
Because you're on the winning team when it comes to sexual things.
Here we go again...
Uh... I'm for big breasts!
I-I'm sorry.
Did Keita cheat or something?
This is great!
But, she does have that air about her...
She was looking over here... I wonder if she's still angry?
If you let your guard down for only a second...
We've got to take care of his health while he's studying for the exams, right?
Like any sister would.
Hey! Wait up!
Um...
How does he know my name?!
Eh?!
I can't stop it anymore.
Huh?
Wait here.
We have no other choice, we'll have to do "that".
Stop it.
But...
All of this is Mikuni's pee.
as a third year... And in front of a classmate no less.
Here, hold on tight.
From where?
That's the first step to adulthood.
And if you use the Internet, you'll be able to find all kinds of uncensored stufffscx200-
What she means is, you could find a lot of information.
But it seems like this dream will never become a reality.
But in Akiba, there are still lots of unfulfilled dreams awaiting our arrival.
How cute!
C-C'mon, you as well, Kei-chan?
Say "nyaa".
What are you doing? We're going on ahead.
All these stores look the same, you could get lost easily.
All night? Why?
Well...
You can do that?
What are you saying? Aren't those just drawings?
How nostalgic...
Riko, you know what to do, right?
Buying an Eroge...
What is it?
More importantly, we're here.
Jeez... I'll give you hand.
I'm a female warrior.
I saw it first.
Just let go of it... Already...
What is this? Some new kind of a shock? TLC
First off, I'll start acting like we're a normal student and her teacher.
Suminoe-san, what is a high school student doing in the adult section?
Well...
You must be... Suminoe Ako-san's...
Now that I think about it, there's this rumor flying around that Ako-san loves her younger brother.
T-There's still a lot of problems!
H-How about you, how do you feel when your sisters tell you that they love you?
I don't really think about it,
The source of their delusions could very well be their younger brother.
Miss, what kind of cosplay would you like to order?
At this shop, the men dress up as military commanders for the women.
It's a kind of flirting game.
Our most popular character right now is Naoe Kanetsugu.
Both of them are your sisters.
You can't keep going on like this.
Hello, Keita-senpai.
Being a teacher, she must've been so embarrassed.
You two get along well, huh?
Just a little more imposing, and powerful!
You're a teacher but also a cosplayer that loves eroge and is obsessed with military commanders.
another five minutes.
D-dammit.
You're happy now, right?
Yaaay! Swimming pool, swimming pool!
This can't be!
Waaah! My pads!
There shouldn't be any problems if I just stay at the side.
What now?!
You want to wait?
Too bad that there are so many unwanted obstacles.
Aaaahn
W-What do you mean...
That Sensei is still...
But that is nothing to be ashamed of.
Huh?
Hey!
I should be used to it from school...
Oh no, you can see that my nipples are hard even though it's a jersey.
Look here, your teacher's breasts are nice, right?
Yo, what you doing, get yo' ass out of bed!
Me and my sisters...
Next time: August is all about "that".
In this case, "slut" is closest to the original meaning.
Welcome! Welcome!
Broth and meat and hard-boiled eggs
But that can't really be helped
Let us have one last look, at least!
Keita!
Isn't this a bit too crowded?
Come on, let's go!
I don't know.
Yep. Time for some relaxation.
This looks delicious!
Is it the festival? Is it because we're at a festival?
The time we went to a festival when we were little?
Did something like that really happen?
Hello little chicky, hello.
I need to go to the bathroom.
We're going over there this time.
What are you saying, Riko-nee?
We got separated again.
I can't give up just because of this.
I've got to be willing to even risk my life for my students,
Now I got separated from the both of them.
Kei-chan!
Hey, where do you think you're going?!
Kei-chan!
If I'll end up laughing or crying all counts on how hard I work this winter!
How about one from the Dazaifu temple?
That would be great.
Only "while we're at it?"
Thanks.
I made it.
You bet! I'm doing this for Riko-nee as well!
Stop it!
No, I want you to look at me.
I couldn't possibly be joking about something like this.
Riko-nee...
Oh? Riko, your face is all red.
Riko-nee... In this situation? Are you insane?!
What the hell are you two doing?!
If it really helps Keita pass, you should at leastfscx200-
That looks promising...
P-Pubicfscx200-
That Riko, asking me such things in a place like that...
...or could she?
Ah, this feels good...
Who would have thought that you really would count them...
But... But...
They sure are loud.
Kei-chan... I'm embarrassed.
I don't have a lot of them.
My hand slipped...
That hurt...
Wait, I don't want that!
Then I'll just go to the bathroomtoilet.
Keita...
Stop that!
We made it ourselves.
We want you to think of it as it were us and we want you to never let go of it, but...!
Kei-chan!
But considering my sisters' determination, this has got to work well.
Thank you, Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
Obvious place...
He needs to get better before tomorrow night!
A patient's job is...
It's doesn't seem to be going down.
No matter how hard I might have tried, it's meaningless if I can't take the exams.
D-Dummy! What do you think you're doing?
Stop getting in my way!
The one that's interfering is you!this sure looks shit in italics
It seems like there's something hard down here.feels seems if you are THAT anal anout it
They're really trying to cure my cold...
I lofscx200-
Yo! o
Yeah, somehow.
Alright!
I feel kind of chilly.
What am I going to do, Kei-chan?
Kei-chan...
It's okay,
I'm sure I'll pass.
S-Suminoe-kun took the test here, too?
Ako-nee, Riko-nee.
Get rid of that cold so we can play until your heart's content to make up for the time we've lost, too. TLC'dthis smells
Huh? They really are sleeping.
Ako.
His exam number was 1114.
A kiss to you.
Well done, Suminoe Keita-kun!
What's wrong?
Well, uh...
We're spraying bug repellent! Yeah, that's it!
You didn't forget anything, did you?
Nevermind...
It's today's lucky item!
Sliding, sliding...
Of all days for there to be a crowd of black cats and crows... It has to be the day of my announcement!
Don't look, don't look, don't look, don't look!
Yeah, we're finally here.
We got in!
It's a prep school that one of my relatives runs. If you're interested, let me know.
Cannot be happening!
Why?!
And even so...!
Something is definitely wrong.
Wh-Wh-What?! B-But what exactly happened?
Don't you worry your pretty little head about it!
She's your little sister, isn't she, Sensei?
Let's go!
We're sorry, Kei-chan.
Huh?
Kei-chan?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I repeatfscx200-
I passed.
Ako-nee, Riko-nee... I did it, I really did it!
Next time: Onesome, Twosome, Threesome!sure?
Keita-senpai!
Thank you, my middle school life.
H-Hey!
What would I have done if Mikuni didn't bring me that acceptance letter?
Su-Suminoe-kun.
What?! This sucks.
Keita, are you... alt. Keita, you dog.
For those who couldn't participate in the scramble for his second button,
Second.
Well, then, let's get started.
Amida-kuji!
You're so lucky, Riko!
Not at all!
I-I was thinking this while I was writing it myself i changed it up a bitI-I didn't really think about it while writing, but five minutes might be a bit long...
Good point...
Phew, I finally said it.
Yeah!
HMM?!
Kei-chan.
Who is controlling me?
This is...
ima koso wakareme
Now is the time of our parting
Wait for me, Keita-senpai.
Riko.
Keita.
Go away!
Can I do that?
Forever.
So lucky, our Keita...
That's right, we are siblings. What a dream-like story...
Now cut that out already, Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
Welcome home, Kei-chan!
No, I didn't see anything...
Should I say they both are just innocent, or just pure?
Hey, what are you doing?
Ehh, no, nothing...
Jeez, what irresponsible parents I have...
And this is what you asked us to do when we were little.
Why are you in such a hurry?
Good work! Here you are.
I'll attend the same High School as you next year and certainly become your manager again!
If it's like that you should rather become the manager of the track and field club.
Oh this is bad!
Riko-senpai you said?!
You don't have to!
Those two?
They are the older sisters.
No way...
Anyway, I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry!
If you're thinking about me then never show up here again!
That's fine.
Yeah...
...A pampered child.
Ako-sensei will show you a good way to study.
How much do you think makes this?
This is indeed a gamble.
Don't worry! Starting today I will constantly watch over your studying!
But why in this outfit?
This way you get motivated, right?
Is this possibly...
Right now you have to concentrate on your studies.
I will... Do my best, too!
Everything will turn out well! I'm there for him, too!
Oh right, Kei-chan, what do you want for supper?
TL-Note: Oyakodonburi means chicken and egg on rice, but also parent and child donburi
And since you can't cook you can't make supper for him.
If it's that I will do it!
It can't be helped. My method to teach you was wrong.
Alright! I'm going to change my strategy!
So today it's not in your suits.
Special?
So, over your whole body...?
I see...
It means...
Studying takes highest priority right now!
I can do it, too!
Let me see...
Then how did she teach you?
Wha... What is she doing?
You said penalty game, so here it is!
No... I can't take it any longer...
But only... because it's a penalty game...
Wa-Wait!
What is that?
Supper.
Of course, I'll eat it!
Thank you! Thanks for the food-
Congratulations, Kei-chan!
Ehm, somewhat...
That was sweet, wasn't it?
Well, if you have understood that...
No, I will do it!
Today is a homemade Chinatown-seafood special!
Huh? But what?
Sw-eets!!
Ihi...
If you look at us...
If you like, eat it please.
Huh? It's a chocolate banana, don't you know?
So this is my limit...
And also...
Oh, Finland's well known new chocolate tray, sounds good.
W-What is it, Suminoe-san?
Concentration, concentration!
Concentration...
But before i knew it... I grew to like it...
Keita...
Cho-co!
I'm so happy... He likes it...
They are made of sugar and spice and many other wonderful things!
No night meal with sugar contents anymore!
Alright, let's do this! My aim is passing, my aim is Tamahide!
Haven't we experienced such a situation before?
It was the time when we just became Middle Schoolers.
Ako, do you have a brother complex?
Take this!
What should I do?
As a teacher it is my duty to save those pupils who are about to walk down the wrong path!
That's a threesome!!!
No way! I'm fed up with this!
If they see someone they don't know they will get suspicious of us.
On your marks!
Yeah...
Kei-chan is doing his best again, just as back then, isn't he?
Takes things easy once in a while, please!
No! I won't let you go home for today!
First are his twin sisters, now it's his underclassman?
Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
So it's you.
Th-Thank you!
When you got recommended for the other High School she was like
Those were great times.
Being more distant to them on purpose so I wouldn't hurt myself...
Thank you for your serious feelings.
Yeah right...
Where are you going?
Keita!
Writing an article about the power of dawn and dusk...
That's what a young man needs, isn't it?
There you go again...
I have to forget that...
Fight!
Wicked mind, disperse! Lust, disperse!
Keita!
That seems reasonable... I guess I have to apologize...
As his sisters we have to bring him an umbrella, right?
He's looking... He's looking at me!
No... I can't anymore!
Mikuni: I've endured it the whole time in the library...
Huh? It won't open.
The door is just too hard... Damn...!
Kei-chan!
But it seems to be too high...
This is not the time for feeling embarrassed.
We can't leave it like this, right?
There he is!
Where have you been?!
Now, let's go! To the heavenly town of Eros!
Even so, I would have been happy if it was a game console.
To be connected with the whole world, doesn't it sound like a dream?
Yes! Well then, to Akiba!
N-Nyan!
What good would it bring being happy about some pictures?
I couldn't beat the boss of the Ice Surface!
This brings back memories!
To think you would buy an Ero-Game for me... Ako-nee...
YOU'RE SO DIRTY!
Sorry...
Kei-chan, this way!
Well, she's run off somewhere.
T-That's not true...
Eh?! Photo?!
I don't want that!
But-
UH! What's with this outfit?!
Now you make me kinda feel embarrassed!
Now get into your outfit already!
Don't take my clothes off!
But!
Excuse us-
However, I have to get a hold of the goods, I came for in the first place and withdraw!
...already...
Ah... Y-Yes...
Oh right! I was about to make a research on what kind of contents from games might have a bad influence on young people!
K-Kei-chan?!
Ah! Nice to meet you!
...Little brother Keita!
They always take care of me!
Hu?! Little brother?!
He's our stepbrother!
But still...
What I think?
If I want to stop this, I have to take care of that stud horse first!
Well then! First come, first served!
He... He's not here!
In this shop, men put on an armor commanding women around.
It's a popular flirting game.
You mustn't let yourself be carried away by their feelings!
Do you understand?
The worst?
As if I could just stay quiet and listen!
At least for me, they are the best sisters I could have!
What were you thinking, Sensei?
Excuse me, did my sister cause you any trouble?
For buying that game!
...And she would take care of that until I become an adult...
As a teacher she has to go through such embarrassment!
See you again, Keita-senpai!
If you don't show some skin, we can't raise the access counts on our site!
I've helped you out countless times already, so don't complain!
You have to stop mixing delusions and reality together!
What should I do...?
Toda!
Yay! The pool! The pool!
If they find out that I brought this to the pool,
and I'd be able to meet my beloved Kanetsugu-sama...
Ako, hurry up!
This can't be!
Expensive...
What should I do, Kanetsugu-sama!
There shouldn't be a problem if I stay by the pool side.
Oh, seems the toilet is already occupied.
Didn't we already tell you that we aren't blood-related?
Thinking about that all the time... Sensei, are you possibly frustrated?
My bad! It wasn't on purpose!
It smells quite of sweat.
And she's suspected to be a nerd.
But if you get accepted into our school...
I have to clean this and return it.
Only this time, Yuuzuki...
It has a spicy aroma...
Keep this up... I'm going crazy!
I'm doing this for you, do you understand?
S-Sensei...
Yo! Why the heck are you goofing around? Get your butt up already! Yo! Why the heck are you goofing arou-
He only wanted me to return it.
I can't return it to him like that!
It's just a misunderstanding... Sensei!
Am I sexy in this happi coat?
I'll give you a kiss!
Really good...
Huh?
That I have to go through this ordeal...
N-No, nothing...
Ha... Should I go home?
Keita!
It looks so delicious!
Do you want to eat some, too?
This time he's going with me!
and said "I'm so scared of the dark! Oh no!".
R...Riko-nee...
This way...
I have to stop them!
No way...
Yuuzuki did her best...
You too, Kei-chan!
A good luck charm for school success.
Great idea! I should use this opportunity to try something different with your mother and go there...
You know, I... I...
Alright! Let's do this!
Thank you.
Oh, Kei-chan...
I can't help it! It's so delicious! Your night snacks are the best!
Uh? O-Oh well, that's why I said sorry...
Like I said, what do you mean?
As if I could do that!
It's all your fault!
And I got to see your stick by accident.
Riko-nee, what are you using my foot for?!
S-Sorry! Was it too strong?
Kei-chan, sorry for the wait!
Isn't that Toda?
This challenge is about quality before quantity!
How is it going?
Let's see... "Legendary Charm that works best for gambling and exams."
Pu... pubic hair...
Ako, Do you have some?
Huh?
Riko...
...my hand slipped...
Let's see...
Keita...
...you should go to bed now.
Huh?
But I don't-
T-r-e-a-t-m-e-n-t!
What about his exams?!
No...
We both suddenly caught a cold.
Yes, we're sorry.
What are you saying? You worked so hard!
It doesn't matter how hard I worked if I can't take the exams...
This is pissing me... Off!
Don't they say that you get better faster if you pass your cold onto others?
That's enough!
Then I'm doing that as well!
Don't copy me!
Huh? There's something hard there...
You little copy cat!
Hey! Guys! Now stop messing around with me!
You will do fine.
Certain success! Keita-senpai
Oh. Keita, is your cold cured now?
...by that Pervy-Shogun?!?!
Ahhh! Kanetsugu-sama!
I mean, start!
Let's call it a truce...
Let's get back to our rooms...
Now that I think about it, do you remember the time when we took our exams?
What am I supposed to do? What?
Ako...
Kei-chan!
Oh yeah, Kei-chan was so cool back then!
Now that you say it.. Kei-chan never forgot anything...
I know this one!
I am somehow getting an excited hunch.
I knew you were going to make it.
Maybe a little while more?
In this season?
It's today's lucky item.
That's why you will pass for sure, there's no mistake about it.
Look, my lucky item...
Come to the Naeba ski resort to slide!
No, no, no, no! What you don't see, doesn't exist!
Yeah, it's finally come.
I did it man! I passed, Keita!
Have you come to like me, Ako-senpai?
Erm well th- thi-
Why is it so?
This is definitely odd!
What happened? Did something happen to the two of you?
Bu- But what happened? What is it?
Leave us alone!
I will take the exam again next year.
What happened?
When I finally found it, it was already in this state...
In the garden where he buried it...
Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
Thank goodness, right?
It's not next year's spring.
Ako-neechan.
Heeeeehhhhhhh?
Keita-senpai.
No, I should be the one who... Erm.. that.. what was it?
Why are you here?
Isn't it obvious that we're here for Keita's button?
Yea, first of all in any case, we must get the button.
Hehhhh! Shock!
So- sorry! Since it happened so suddenly.
That's mean Keita-senpai!
Keita-senpai you're stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid!
Keita, you...
That guy disgusts me.
Hehh? I don't really...
Eh, stubborn fellows.
Happinessss...!
Fourth... Ehh?! I am not involved in this!
There isn't anything anyone forgot to add in, right?
Amidakuji
I can't believe this! Since we were originally talking about the second button, I was only concerned about personal safety.
I'm sorry, I'll pass...
You're mistaken.
In the first place, what does XX mean? What do you intend to let Mikuni and I..
In some way, that's a little rude.
You should also forget those unpleasant events and move on with life.
This is!
Right...?
I thank you up to this point... I will soon become a high-schooler.
Keita-senpai! I'll be taking your second button!
I don't have any more left!
How come..?
Our...
Ako-senpai, Riko-senpai!!
Ako.
Ako-nee! Riko-nee!
Ohhh iyaa
That's not what I'm asking!
Oh, Keita, what about breakfast?
Even though you're my brother, I love you, Kei-chan!
So who was it? Ako? Or was it Riko?
We're siblings, you know!
Sign: Forbidden
Don't treat your kids like a game!
Wait, Kei-chan.
Oh my...
Were you up all night studying or something?
Furthermore, look at how tired he is! He must have been going at it pretty hard!
You must get turned on when they come on to you!
I don't think about that crap! Never! Absolutely not!
Oh, whatever, just don't get in the way of my studying.
But I thought you wanted to do it too, Ako?
I didn't say that, but...
I'm not!
Oh, fine! You can stay, but you can't talk, all right?
What happened?
Oh, I slammed it on a desk...
A desk? Why?
I'll do it too.
I'm talking about your tongue.
Note: The word "shita" can mean both "tongue" and "down"
How cruel.
I said I could manage with one hand, but... ow... I can't.
How am I going to wash my body?I think I know
You could even say...
No way! I was too late!
Ako?
Enough about me. What's that, Ako?bleh
What's what?
We've reached the age at which you need to act with more decency!
Man, what's up with you two?
Really? I thought I kept it clean by not mentioning what I was going to do.
Like this...
Huh? Since when was I in my room?
Treating me like a guy one day and treating me like a little brother the next. Make up your minds.
I guess I'll go ahead and let them take care of me for a bit.
So please let us take care of you.
Keita!
I'm Ako Suminoe.
When my heart hurts I fill it up with dreams, and keep on walking
Even though he's an octopus...
What the hell do you think you're doing, Riko?
But I saw Keita sleeping so peacefully,
I want to depend on you
You'll be hungry again before lunchtime.
Well, I'm just curious about it as their mother, you know.
So who was it? Ako? Or was it Riko?
Hey, I think I'd like to know as well!
Oh, screw you.
Tell us! What exactly were you doing with your sisters all night long!?
After all, you're living in the same house as those hot sisters of yours.
Isn't that right? Hold your hands to your heart and think about it.
Kei-chan, I'll do anything you like today. No matter how perverted it is...
That mental image was just wrong!
HELL NO!
What happened?
So I just hoped for a speedy recovery.
Note: The word "shita" can mean both "tongue" and "down"
Kei-chan, just let me know if you need help with anything. I'll do whatever you want.
I'm fine. I'll manage with one hand.
What's what?
I don't mind. We're siblings.
What's that?
Both of you, just get out of here!
Here, you try it too, Ako. Don't be shy.
Wait...
Kei-chan!
Morning already?
What are you doing here?
Kei-chan!
togirenaide sono kirameki mata dokoka de aeru hi made zutto
Ako and I feel that something has to be done, so we come up with a wonderful plan, but...
seichou ga ureshii yo
onaji yane no shita de itsumo
I'm happy that you've grown.
I want to keep bathing forever.
We can come back and relax again tonight.
I'm melting!
Riko, get out already!
Mizusawa Udon is the best!
Those are really morally wrong.
Hi, I'm the keeper and leader here, Chinko.means penis
If you make that kind of face...
It was amazing.
If we return home like this...
A family bath?
That's not allowed.
It sure is.
It feels really good.
Just kidding!
You'll be boiled alive if you sleep in the bath, Riko-nee.
Let Riko sleep.
Ako-nee...
This spring is a secret place where no one else has ever been able to reach.
Huh?
Huh?
What was that?
Then...
Don't be shy, be honest with yourself.
Here!
When I was young, I was separated from my birth mother by death.
Ako-neechan, Riko-neechan!
That...
There isn't a woman who wouldn't feel sexually excited when their breasts are sucked by a man she likes!
Calm down, calm down, me!
Not until the day we meet again, somewhere; forever
Blown gently by the breeze,
Don't ever lose that sparkle.
The onsen was great, Riko.
Yeah.
Please reserve one if you want it.
I'd like to say that but...
My hands are so numb that I can't move.
I've got to hurry or I'll be late for school.
I'm sorry!
That's what I just said!
Come help me out a little.
Oh, wow! You're so popular, Keita!
Keita.
What part of it was close?
It's better than being unmotivated and settling it all with a recommendation like you.
Geez, what does he mean by being unmotivated?
What are you doing, Riko?
We've got a pervert here!
You speak so proudly, yet your body knows that it desires something from me.
Oh, it's Ako-senpai!
Keita, how dare you!
I love you too.
...but because you're the one I love, because you're Keita...
I'm sorry, Keita.
It's seriously disgusting!
Huh?
We are...
That's why...
So, I'll go to the same high school as you.
This is bad!
He must have hit his head.
Where are you going while blushing all over?
What?
Kei-chanfnArial
Not in there!That's the wrong hole! over hentai mode
Sleeping with him.
No sleeping!
But...
Kei-chan, you are my brother, but I love you!refer previous ep
Don't mind it and hit it hard!
Oh my, dear...
What part of that was healthy?
And that's how it is.
What happened?
I tried to send in some telepathy.
I'll do something, too!
I poured in some liquid extracts of love
Ever since they confessed their love,
We've already come of age, so you should be more considerate. est: I dunno who she is referring to though... either him or her
Don't fool around!
It's our game if we get inside the bath.
Now, just be cared for obediently.
Why does it sound lewd when you say it?
What is that?
Ouch...
I hit my nose.
Did I sprain it again?
Why not have them take care of me a little bit.
I have to get better quickly, even if it's just a day earlier.
I'll do anything.
So please let us take care.
I'm sorry...
R-Riko...
You pulling me in here the moment my end-of-trimester ceremony is finished?
Oh how evil!
It wasn't easy getting reservations, you know.
My classmates keep telling me stuff like:
If they say emo-ness is infectious, we hypothesize that happiness is infectious, too!
Yay!
I sense failure.
Now, Kei-chan, put in a song! A song, okay?
Oh sure...
Karaoke Dynasty December New Song Information!! Gold Water '09 Very Popular!!dunno how to read the pink... sorrry orz
My legs won't work.
Here, let's go.
Get yourself together, Ako-nee...
What do we do if someone sees her?
Please don't joke like that.
Yeah, it's my fault.
He grabbed me tightly and my heart skipped a beat.
Because we'll catch a cold if we stay all wet like that.
Girls spurt it out more rapidly than I thought.
I know that!
You were listening to your sister pee.
Text: Crying Text: I'm sorry!
Text: It's all right Why are you bringing that up, now? Text: Crying
Shit... I've gone up to my limit now.
Hey, Riko-nee is that...
I'm starting to feel stupid for holding myself back.
Like I'd know.
I believe you, so...
He's completely drunk!
No! I'm melting!
Huh?
It feels really good!
Huh?
Ako-nee you're not wearing a bra?
My "huge-breast" combo!
Am I catching a cold?
Was that Keita?
Yeah.
Well...
O-Of course...
I'm over that stage!
In other words, he hasn't even had time to jack off, huh?
Nope.
Well, I mean, it wouldn't be a bad thing to think about other women...
Crap.
You're confiscating it?
Wait!
Huh?
It doesn't feel too bad, either.
Pretend as if he's licking you down there.
Don't you think that we've done a lot of strange things lately?
What else can we do? Keita doesn't play with us anymore.
No way in hell! Why do I have to do that with you?!
Well, we can forget about kissing right now; let's just move our hips in the meantime.
S-Sorry, Ako.
N-No... not there..!
Now that I'm remembering that, I'm starting to feel even stranger!
Your hips are taking a break.
S-Stop! If you keep going at it strong like this...
I said stop!
But...
Kei-chan!
I... I can't take it anymore...
But you were so against it.
but I didn't think it would feel this good...
I almost came.
you don't seem to be satisfied either, Ako.
Do you want to kiss?
My body's so sensitive; I can feel Keita.
Ako!
To tell the truth, I didn't plan it like that.
Here.
Your... porn...
Don't blow up at me 'cause Keita caught you reading his porn.
Goodbye.
Oh, yeah.
There's no such thing as a 100 effective contraceptive method in this world!
Then...
All of you, let your big sister watch over you.
We'll have to work hard so that we won't disappoint them.
Still, you didn't have to hit me...
Every once in a while is okay...
Now, then...
Now come over here and lay on your stomach.
Shh, keep quiet.
Yeah, let's discuss that matter again tomorrow.
He's gone. could be interpreted as "I came"
Yes, there! Your massage is the greatest!
You know you want to look at me while I'm embarrassed like this.TLC PLZ
Hmm?
Actually, I want you to do it.
No! Don't look!
Hell no!
I can't really see what's going on, but I'm sure Ako is watching me.
Is it because she's blindfolded?
I... I also... want to do it with Kei-chan!
it's bad if it's not fair, right?
Didn't I tell you that?
I won't let you take a break from school!
Hey, hey! You're always trying to make a move on him before me!
Go away!
Huh?
Ow...
And worst of all, both of them are stuck to YOU... Out of all people!
Keita, why are you not getting enough sleep?!
Would you like something to eat?
It's about time for Kei-chan to be getting out of the bath, right?
It's because I entrusted it to somebody I shouldn't have!
They went on a trip organized by the neighborhood.
Huh? Kei-chan, you didn't hear about it?
However, tonight...
Kei-chan. She looks better with her bangs down
Keita.
Damn, missed my chance.
Oh, Riko, can you bring Keita's trash downstairs?
Oh, it's okay, it's okay. I don't care about the other club members. tlcit's fine - 1569
Riko-sempai?
Don't worry about us!
What the hell?!
No way... With his sisters?!
Riko-sempai, give me one right here please.
Why?
Looks like we did something needless.
I-It's okay like this.
You say that, but really, you want them to kiss you, right?
Don't be embarrassed.
I'm going to go change clothes.
Sorry to barge in...
Kei-chan's room... H I G H ! T A M A K I R I G O F O R I T !
H I G H ! T A M A K I R I G O F O R I T !
A pervert. There's a pervert here.
I just came up to see what you're up to and I find you doing this.
Wait! Where did you get that from?!
Give me that!
Huh?
I'll be leaving!
This is...
Oh, it's just you, Mikazuki. Don't surprise me like that.
Yes?
Okay...
Agreed.
Ako-sempai.
Ako-sempai!
Huh?!
Suminoe Keita.
What are you two doing here in the first place?! sappy music...
Wait up, Ako-nee, Riko-nee. They stopped and so did you....
Really?
I DON'T REMEMBER RAISING YOU UP TO BE LIKE THIS!
Oh my! Or will it be Riko?hell... why not both!
Our spoiled little brother.
A Lesson from the Two of Them
Huh?! But... But... the acceptance rate is only 50. A Lesson from the Two of Them
It's all right! Just leave it to your sister! A Lesson from the Two of Them
A Lesson from the Two of Them
Master.
Can't wait. Can't wait. Can't wait.R: So I guess you don't like literal translation, huh?
What should we do?
What are you talking about?
Those are just pictures.R: for the unbelievers...
What are you going to do getting all horny by looking at 2D pictures?R: masturbate?
Yeah, if he finds out...
That would be the worst.
You two are acting weird today.
They also have China dresses.
Kei-chan, did you finish changing?
Don't take it off.
Hey, quiet down!
Perverted things are wrong in my opinion.
Why is the discipline committee member Suminoe Riko here?
Is it?
What do you mean, "I'm going to buy it?"
Maybe I'll go look for her.
Riko, what are you doing?
Kiriyu-sensei?
What are you doing in the 18 area?
Umm...
Little brother, Keita.
Yes...
Thinking back, there was a rumor about Ako-san liking her little brother.
What are you three thinking about?
Even if there's love between brother and sister, there's no future in that.
And he just happened to be our little brother.
Don't tell me.
I will put an end to your prohibited actions.
The most popular one is Naoe Kanetsugu-sama armor.
Kiryuu-sensei is your...?
So she might have done something abrupt.
A kiss to you.
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
I would've preferred winning a TV game or something.R: Oh lord, it's been really ages since I've heard someone use "TV game"!!! I salute you, old fag! bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
To be connected to the world is like a dream, right? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Next is Akihabara, Akihabara. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
It's like when they say; if you want to hide a tree, hide it in a forest.R: need another editor to check my use of a semicolon here. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Nya. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
What are you doing? Let's go. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
All nighter? Why? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Peeing. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
To buy an eroge... You were holding back your desire this whole time Riko-nee?R: "urges" can be used as well. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Failure will not be tolerated. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Besides that, we're here. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Look, look. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Do you like nurses? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Oh, then we'll try that. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Don't take it off. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion Come on, come on. Listen to me.
How annoying. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Maybe she has the same hobbies as me. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Fail as a Teacher
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
No, this is... bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Speaking of which, earlier you were cosplaying. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Leave it to me
What are you doing in the 18 area? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Little brother? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Even if there's love between brother and sister, there's no future in that. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
The first reason behind this is rather the little brother.R: not sure about just using "rather" here, need a native-fag. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Come with me and let's talk this through with your sisters. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
I will put an end to your prohibited actions. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
What cosplay armor would you like to put on? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Sexual play? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Take my triple shot gun! bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Mikazuki, why are you here? bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
With this game comes my favorite artist's manga. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
When I was worrying about it, my sister said she would buy it for me. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Of course. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Number one in Japan. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
More openly. More openly. More daring. bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
If I keep doing this, I'm going to go crazy.stupid bWh-What!? A Dripping Wet Midsummer Delusion
Next time I'll give you a kiss!
What should I do?
What should I do?
It seems like you're putting on an act where you look like you're taking a break from studying,
but actually you're flirting with a underclassman.
If we can't find answer in reality,
but they still found out
Let's do lots of happy, lucky things.
We're going straight there, but...
That's suspicious...
I'll hold on to it.
They can't!
I could spend this money on so many cups of Instant Ramen at the 100 yen store...
If I'm just by the poolside, nobody will mind, right?
Geez, don't say stuff like that.
Hmm, somebody's in there already.
It's too bad there's someone getting in our way.
She followed him all the way here. Maybe she...
One more time!
Besides, Keita prefers one with a mature woman's scent lingerinfscx250-
Yeah, this. I have to wash it and return it.
The butt area feels a bit tight, though.
My breasts are pretty big, right?
Sensei.
I can't.
How are they?
It's already like this.
My sisters and I aren't like that!
blur4Strange that we both love the same guy
blur4It looks silly
blur4So what we do? How should we appeal to him?
Hey, hey, tonight is the summer festival!
I'm in trouble.
Damn it.
Good work, Keita-sempai.
Thank you for coming during the break,
What should I do?
Wait up.
Just as I thought. They're going on a date in public.
But why is Mikazuki with them?
Wh-What are you looking at?! I'm not wearing any!
I'm just here to watch over my students, anyway.
Sorry, wait here for a minute.
What is her relationship with Keita anyway?
Are you alive?
Someone help.
Take this, pervert!
That's rude! I haven't eve-
Suminoe-kun?
You're a life saver.
A bit?
Mikazuki seems to trust her.
Naked?!
This sour, pungent smell is good...
I'm doing this for you, you understand?
For your punishment,
My breasts are pretty big, right?
Do you want to touch them?
How are they?
Are they big?
Huh? Why am I naked?
They'll probably let me off, right?
Good work, Keita-sempai.
Toda!
For a change of pace, you should be surrounded by your bikini-clad sisters.
Yay, the pool, the pool.
I thought this would make you happy, so I bought it at the shop.
None of my business
Who cares. I don't need a swimsuit.
If I'm just by the poolside, nobody will mind, right?
Are you alive?
One... Two...
Okay, Ako.
You're still obsessing about that? Are you that unsatisfied with your own love life?
...a virgin?
Why are you doing changing here in front of the guys?!
Kei-chan, don't look!
Is that really okay?
It wasn't only Ako-san and Riko-san; I even bothered their little brother Keita-kun.
Keita-kun was really embarrassed.
Oh no! I might actually like this.
My breasts are pretty big, right?
Yo, what the hell are you doing just laying aro-
How is this, Keita-sempai?
Next: August is always that.
This part is important. Notice how in the model sentence the word slut-
and soon the noodles are ready!
Love really is serious business
Okay.
We're close together and it's night time...
This is a test taker's day to relax.
Ta-da!
Let's go.
I wonder where everyone went.
I have to run away immediately!
Yeah, just relax. Relax.
Is it the festival? Is it because of the festival?
Kei-chan, you wanted to eat the same thing as me.
It did.
Please, hurry!
Tch...
Jeez, you always show up at the worst times.
I suddenly...
You'll go... right?
Let's go.
Behind these stalls, for example.
Those two are the Suminoe siblings.
I won't allow this between siblings.
Keita!
You both look terrible.
You too, Kei-chan.
They're skyrocket fireworks.
Wait.
Pee...
blur4I will love you forever
blur4It looks silly
blur4and we have an operations meeting again today
blur4So what we do? How should we appeal to him?
This is for Kei-chan.
This part is important. Notice how in the model sentence the word slut-
It's cheap, it's cheap!
and soon the noodles are ready!
I see...
Well, it's not like I found it.
Here you are, your late night supper.
N-no, this is...
They've calmed down, yet there's tension in the air.
We're close together and it's night time...
Kei-chan is going with me to the festival.
What are you saying? He's going with me.
We have a plan.
What's wrong?
I should go back.
I am not! Look, this way is better, right?
Are you alright, Nee-chan?
What are you saying, Riko-nee?
you clung to our sleeves the entire time.
It's during these times that one's true value stands out.
That is education, that is love.
Mikazuki? What are you doing?
You're all wet! On top of that, you have a spider web in your hair!
Oh, Kei-chan came back.
Next time: When it's painful, turn to deities.
Here you are, your late night supper.
N-no, this is...
It's already that time?
Let's hurry and go.
Hey, I said it's this way!
Kei-chan!
Are you okay?
How cute.
Kei-chan, take it out!
Suminoe-kun and those guys are at it again...
Nee-chan!
Which do you prefer?
Huh, you don't remember?
It's because you're a scaredy cat.
We have to look for Ako-nee as well.
It's a festival.
Wait!
That is education, that is love.
It's not open here, either.
What is this?
You're all wet! On top of that, you have a spider web in your hair!
What are you saying?
Caught you.
The fireworks are going to end.
It's coming along here and there.
It's about time you accepted the family's love.
It's not like God is going to listen to every single one of them.
Dad is at last
I want you to look only at me
I want to teach you many things, many naughty things
accept both of us!
Let's do a lot of happy, lucky things.
A headband?
But it's really good.
An apple of knowledge.
Just kidding.
What was?
Even though we were playing around, it seems you like it this way.
There...
I can't tell by "There."
Riko-nee!
By doing this?
Riko-nee, what are you doing with my foot?
At least say, "I'll take responsibility."
Well, it's come to a point where I have to rely on God.
We might not win with just late night meals and a headband.
I'm not!
It's good that we were born as twins.
My hand slipped.
Did it hurt that much?
Or did you want the option of putting one in with pee on it?
It's done.
Huh?
But I really don't
This is a good luck charm, right?
Is this what they call youthful indiscretion?
blur4Teddy boy, our precious steady boy
blur4This feeling of love is real
blur4or smile back at me
Before you even notice, they vanish.
Crying or laughing, it all depends on how I do this winter.
Good luck charm?
Dazaifu?
I'm on the final stretch now.
I can't be bothered by onlookers, so I've got to study.
Thank you.
Thank you.
She got to him first.
It really does feel different with a headband.
Kei-chan, it's time for your late night supper.
Your late night meals are always the best!
Tomorrow will be a katsu sandwich.
Getting serious about something like this, you're such a child, Keita!
Huh? I said I was sorry.
No, I'm showing you that I'm not a kid anymore.
But I still remember the feeling of your hand when you touched it.
Sorry, but I can't stop.
It's your fault. It's not like I can't stare.
Kei-chan, sorry for making you wait.
What's wrong?
Why are you doing something so stupid in this situation?
I'm so happy.
Stop saying stupid things and do something that will help Kei-chan pass!
Did you come to pray that you'd pass?
It can't be, right?
One, two, three.
Honestly, to actually go through the effort of counting them...
Why are you laughing?
Sorry, when I thought, "Twins are even the same down here," it just...
Riko!
Kei-chan.
It's okay.
Keita.
Welcome back.
It's too late.
Don't worry.
Kei-chan.
You only have a Fifty-percent chance of passing?!
Just leave it to your big sister!
It's doesn't?
Do you want to see it?
I don't have to worry if I leave it to you.
I'll be the one taking care of that, too!
Ako-nee.
I just thought that you'd remember better if I taught you like this.
My right breast says, "be interested in".
At...
I'm sure it was... "be"
What an animal. need better words
Keita's pretty daring this early in the morning.
Next, with the cucumber...
Is this good enough?
It seems you did well in history.
We really don't have to do a test at home...
Oh really? A punishment game, huh?
If you get even 1 wrong, you have to kiss me!
Right. Next question!
There's no...
Why are you getting so nervous?
I can't... I can't hold on any longer.
Please, hurry!
Ow... Riko!
No you're not...
No way...
Welcome back, Kei-chan!
As summer passed, the colors of autumn deepened.
It's not like God is going to listen to every single one of them.
But if you've got a personal good luck charm, that would be a different story.
You're giving it your all, aren't you Kei-chan?
Certain victory
Do your best, Keita.
Damn you, Ako.
Tomorrow will be a katsu sandwich.
Starting now until the test, it's gonna be a victory special menu.
It was really good.
Ow!
What part of me is childlike?
Stop judging people by how they look!
What are you talking about?
It's nice, Keita. It's so great.
Sorry, but I can't stop.
At least say, "I'll take responsibility."
Did something happen?
Riko, your face is really red.
What's been happening this whole time?
Oh, I have to get going.
Oh, there's something that looks useful.
Pubic hair of a lover...
Cleverly saying...
Sorry, when I thought, "Twins are even the same down here," it just...
What is it?
Kei-chan, I'm embarrassed.
Come on, spread your legs.
It's okay.
And now the inside is complete.
I apologize to all those men.
Inside here, you and I are entwined together.
Understood, I won't ever open it.
Keita.
I'm off.
I put it on, look.
Finally, the real thing!
Before the important exam, Keita has a high fever.
Tre-at-ment.
You don't need to do that.
I hide it from my real friends
Love me
It hurts...
Ah, sorry, Keita.
To a patient, no less!
I'm going to suck the virus out of you along with your saliva.
Relax.
After the exam, I'll let you release it inside of me.
Hey, you're whispering something in his ear.
If his ear is dirty, he might not be able to hear the English section of the exam.
Not you too, Ako-nee.
Stay in bed.
We have to say something.
Ako-nee, Riko-nee.
Mikazuki is cheering for you, so you'll pass for sure!
Was it Ako and Riko-senpai's tender nursing?
Okay, everyone, before the test starts,
Suminoe Keita!
What am I thinking?
I can't discriminate against him.
Isn't that right, Kanetsugu-sama?
You mean chilly, right?
What should I do, Kei-chan?
It's okay, just calm down.
Even more so than his older sisters.
Maybe she's weak because of the cold.
Kei-chan.
I was calm and I finished at the end.
What's with you, Keita?
Ako-nee?
but I'm the happiest younger brother in the universe.
I'm doing my best to hold it back!
blur4I spoke to him once
blur4This love war
blur4I want to do something about him
It finally came.
What horrid timing for this to happen.
The role of a patient...
is to be taken care of!
It hasn't gone down much, has it?
Kei-chan, you're the type of person that can do anything if you put your mind to it.
Ako-nee.
You don't have enough love.
What?
Keita.
I'm going to suck the virus out of you along with your saliva.
You're the one getting in my way.
Wait, what are you doing?
Copycat.
Don't stick your tongue in the hole!
Leave everything to me.
Have a safe trip.
You don't have to see me off.
Do your best.
Yeah.
Keita, how are you feeling?
Someone that was nursed by Ako and Riko-senpai has no room to talk.
Suminoe Keita!
Yeah, that.
If you go back to get it, there should still be time to spare.
What should I do, Kei-chan?
Ako, you're so helpless.
You're so careless.
That's not what a high school girl should be saying.
Even more so than his older sisters.
Keita.
No, but...
They're pretty cute when they're sleeping.
It's because you were there for me.
You two are really awake, aren't you?
Huh? They really are asleep.
but I'm the happiest younger brother in the universe.
in order to regain the time you lost,
you've been studying from dawn till dusk, haven't you?
It hurts...
Not you too, Riko-nee.
Keita, you're sweating.
I licked up Keita's sweat for him.
Damn! She's sharp.
I was just licking his ear.
If his ear is dirty, he might not be able to hear the English section of the exam.
Are they doing this because they want me to sweat?
I guess I have no choice.
Calm down, read the question carefully, and you'll be able to solve it.
I didn't expect this surprise attack.
Well, that's... um...
Someone that was nursed by Ako and Riko-senpai has no room to talk.
Even if I have to put my professional life on the line,
Of course.
Of course.
Ah! It's not here, it's not here!
Really?
It's okay, we're not that far from home.
What am I going to do?
Kei-chan!
All you have to do is take the test, right?
Riko-nee, here's yours.
Mine? Why?
You two really are twins.
But Kei-chan didn't forget anything, did he?
I know this.
I have my sisters with me.
What's with you, Keita?
Thanks for everything up until today.
No! Don't cry, Riko!
I'm getting nervous.
Keita-senpai, you're the best!
I don't know how I know, but I think I had a terrific dream.
Since both of us love you,
If we can't find an answer in reality,
but they still found out
Tell me the difference between us
Does it?
Right? Right?
That enough. Let's go, you two.
There isn't! There isn't! There isn't!
Viva high school days, Riko-senpai!
If you want to join, give me a call.
Impossible.
Eh? About what?
Eh?
Keita-senpai!
We wanted to surprise you.
I'll re-take the test next year. For Tamahide High School.
Thank you for next year!
Yes?
Kenta!
He ran away while I was walking him.
I got in...
It won't be next spring,
Once again, it's the three of us.
blur4Strange that we both love the same guy
blur4This love war
blur4I want to do something about him
blur4This sensation is crazy
You did it, Keita!
Suminoe Keita-kun.
Eh?
It looks kind of plain.
You didn't forget anything, did you?
Or not...
Later, I'll let you look at mine as long as you like.
Go and have a look.
Let's slide, slide down, Riko-senpai.
If you want to join, give me a call.
Adis!
Why? Why?
You're great! You're great, Keita-senpai!
We're sorry.
Eh?
Um... Mikuni Miharu-san...
I don't know.
I don't know how I know, but I think I had a terrific dream.
Does it?
Ako, how's the cooking going?
At this time of year?
No, he's with me.
What you can't see doesn't exist!
Um...
The time has come.
Impossible.
Keita-senpai!
Next year you'll be my classmate!
She's your sister, isn't she?
Kenta!
We weren't of any help.
One that I would go to the same high school as you two.
Um... Mikuni Miharu-san...
He ran away while I was walking him.
Well, I'm really sorry!
I was accepted.
That's great to hear!
Eh?!
Thank you, middle school life.
Kiss me
shouldn't we look for it in our dreams?
but they still found out
It was a year of hell after Ako-senpai and Riko-senpai graduated.
You didn't study that hard for the test, did you?
It's not something to laugh about.
Congratulations on graduating.
Well... How should I say it...
Right, but first and foremost, we have to get our button...
Eh? You don't have any more?
Why does Keita get all of the attention?
Please take our buttons instead.
All right, since it's come to this...
Everyone write your object of desire on one end.
I just went with the flow.
But at this point you can't seduce someone with just your underwear.
I don't have any. You saw that, right?
I want to start from my name.
Suminoe-kun.
This is a bad atmosphere.
Even though it's what I wrote, doesn't five minutes seem a little long?
Oh, no! Why does it have to be now?
you should hurry and find someone like that.
Yeah.
It's a lie.
Right?
What kind of irresponsible parents are they?
Kei-chan.
Well, there's only one of these, so there's nothing you can do about it!
Keita senpai, I'll take your second button!
I don't have any left!
No...
I can't choose between you two.
Please wait for me, Keita-senpai!
A new suit.
Let's stop this after all.
What is it?
Liar, liar.
blur4Haste does not beget answers
It's not something to laugh about.
Ah!
Hey!
Eh? You don't have any more?
How could you, Keita-senpai?!
Well, this is... um... sorry.
Please accept them with a burning passion.
You're annoying!
Write down what you want.
Number two.
Rejected.
Okay, we're going to start.
Then let's begin!
No matter what I may get afterward, I can use it to get in a good spot with Kei-chan.
It seems like my opinion doesn't matter, so let's get this over with.
The last one is...
do...
Nice, Riko!
This was...
People usually do this with classmates, right?
I see. So Keita's finally graduated too, huh?
Keita, don't you have any plans for that ?!
And even if I did, why would I tell you?
Th-This is for our precious Kei-chan's graduation.
Kei-chan.
What about you? Stop getting in my way.
Who is it that's controlling me?
Stop, these are for my sisters.
I'll save this one at the very least.
This is...
Kei-chan.
A new suit.
Ako.
Whenever Kei-chan...
Kei-chan, hurry up!
Wait for me, Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
I haven't changed how I am.
Keita, you liar.
What are you saying?
That's definitely weird.
It's not something to laugh about.
That really hurt, you know.
That incident? You mean...
Well... How should I say it...
We obviously came here for your button.
Well, after the ceremony, the underclassmen suddenly swamped me and...
Keita, you...
Please accept them with a burning passion.
Everyone write your object of desire on one end.
Number two.
The one without much appeal would be the school uniform collar.
Then let's begin!
Amidakuji is a lottery game in which you follow a line from one end to the other.
Follow the line.
This is the one and only thing I need to avoid.
Why? We were originally just talking about his second button,
Oh, that's the one I wanted.
She has more common sense than Ako-senpai when it comes to this.
You're wrong!
Mikuni isn't like that.
Sorry.
Why are you asking me?
Are you trying to do something, Suminoe-kun?
Finally, I've said it.
Well then, Mikuni.
Yeah.
What is there to hide?
Kei-chan's...
Jeez, I don't know what those parents of mine are thinking.
Soon I'll be a high school student.
Th-This is for our precious Kei-chan's graduation.
Kei-chan.
Keita.
Then we have to do it in order!
Who is it that's controlling me?
Why?
No...
Whenever Keita...
Nothing, we just thought...
What are you doing?
But you said that you hadn't changed.
Looks like I have no choice.
Is it okay?
It's not like that.
N-Nothing!
Definitely, huh?
It's just... The atmosphere you give off is a little different and I...
Damn! I can't lose focus like that!
Then should I make you an oyako-don? I personally don't like it
Isn't it nice that your siblings get along so well?
your breasts and stuff.
Sorry.
All right! Change of plans!
Because it's a special lesson.
Kei-chan, you remembered my breasts and thighs perfectly right?
Good, keep it up.
Meaning?Meaning, you dolt, AT LAST YOU CAN J-J-JAM IT IN!!!!!
The test went all right, but I got into a big mess.
You don't normally get good grades like that.
It's just... Ako-nee has been tutoring me.
That picture perfect student council president?!
As I thought, you're really doing it with your sister!
Rubbing... Rubbing... Don't worry, I'll be gentle.
Then, I get to give you a reward for your hard work.
Are you sensitive there?
Ako-nee is genuinely helping me study...
Did I do something?
When I came to help you study, you were already asleep.
What!?
You shouldn't be satisfied with that!
This is when you have go all out!
What are you talking about? Isn't that more like a punishment game?
Umm...
There are ten questions!
Huh? He actually...
You haven't given me a kiss since the fourth grade, Kei-chan.
Don't tease me so much, Kei-chan!
Please, hurry!
Right. That's as far as you two go.
Sorry?
What is this?
I'm home!
Next time, alluring sweets. Alluring Sweets !
Shoo!
Even if something else happens,
But you're a boy Keita,
We'll always be with you.
What's the real reason for your lack of sleep?
It is true, isn't it?!
I'm not lying...
I'm back.
Keita!
These fantasies...These fantasies...
You saw them, right?
How can this be...?
Just stir the dish in the pot and don't let it burn.
Pervert.
Give them to me!
My stew!
Ako was the one sneaking away....
That's even worse!
Did you need something from them?
Anyway, tonight...
We're the only ones here tonight.
You can't!
Stop it...
I'm leaving!
You've worked hard.
Don't scare me.
No! Kei-chan!!Dunno, doesn't she say "Nooo, Kei-chan!"? -masatYes she does. Masat TL from now on-N
Riko-senpai, give me one too!
What's he called? Class D's Suminoe...
How can it be...?
Ouch. Hey, bro. There's only ONE Hino Akiharu
I'm in a hurry!
Riko-senpai, please give it to me too!
We're doing this for Keita.
Even if you guys think it's great,
You two hurry and go home.
Sorry, Kei-chan.
We were yelled at.
But we did cause more trouble for him.
Ako-nee, Riko-nee.
Keita?
So unfair...
No, but...
Keita is going to marry Ako after all, right?
I will teach you Ako-sensei's secret studying method.
Where?
Oh no, the feeling of her breasts...
It's like a gamble.
If you don't work harder, we won't be in the same high school!
It's more interesting this way.
You can't cook, so a midnight snack is out of the question.PWNED!
If I do it like this, you won't forget what I teach you.
S-Sorry.
I can't! This is too embarrassing.
Wha-added this -masat
What is that girl doing!?Like you've never done it!
It's rare that Ako-nee worked up the nerve to teach me...
But you were asleep.
Then you didn't wake me up,
You have to work harder!
Then I'll reward you if you answer it right!
Um...
Uh? He's doing alright.
Alright, next question!
Who was the last general of Muromachi Shogunate?
I can't do it...
Kei-chan you can't!
But if it's a place that can't be seen... then it's fine.
It's just a punishment game.I bet he feels SO punished right now -masat
This is just a punishment game.
My, my...
This isn't a kiss.
No, mine was!
Good morning, Kei-chan.
That's right; enough already, Ako.
Green onion, fried sweet dough, preserved pickles.
Even though midnight snacks are delicious and wonderful...
Something like that.
No, I can't judge from what it looks like.
Why did it turn out like this?!
Keita-senpai!
What's happening?
Finland's chocolate stimulates the brain; it's not bad.
If it's like this...
Really?
I'll take one more...
Yeah, sweets.
I want to put it on.
Really?
Eh? Okay.
This position is tiring... Let's change places.
Riko-nee...
The comicpicture book we read when we were little.picture is way better
Liar!
This?
It's a spare.I don't know, "spear" seems quite interesting here, but isn't she saying "seconds"? -masatUh, epic typo was epic. Spare it is!
I'll give you a kiss.
All right, let's get to work.
Goal: passing. Goal: Tamahide!
Shock!Gaoo means shock?Gan
D-Do you want me... to help?
A grandma?
It couldn't be that you like your brother the most, right?
No... incest?
You can't touch there!
As a teacher, I have a responsibility to lead strayed students onto the right path.
If you get first place... I'll give you a kiss.
Ahhh... Eh?I don't think that first part needs TL -masat
He's a sex demon with no limits!
I wish for Kei-chan to get into Tamahide.Gakush Senior High.
Kei-chan!
Eh?
This side you two have... really makes you great sisters.
I wonder if I should be trying to get into the same high school as them?
Um... I hope I will pass my exam.
Yeah!
Such wonderful times.
And Keita prayed so hard.
Please don't mention that anymore!
But that's because I've grown up, right?
You're saying that so casually.
Where are you going?
Kei-chan...
Good luck.
...forever.
What are you two saying?
If that's how it is, I should just kill Suminoe-kun and then kill myself!she literally says die, but... i think murder suicide sounds good
You're annoying me.
A girl's smell.
No way! It's a 1 in 10,000 chance!
What happened between the three of you?
Damn it!
Please grant me power to test into high school, Buddha.
I have a feeling she's looking over here. Maybe she's still mad?
Did you hear about the sex demon's newest trick?
As his sisters...
Huh? Did she go home?
It's okay, I'll do that myself!
I'll clean this up.
I promise, I'll take it to the grave.
Uncensored?
Ako-nyan! Ako-nyan! Ako-nyan!
It's been a while since we've gone shopping.
The stores are all the same... It seems so easy to get lost here.
Up all night? Why?
Let's search with perverted words that the block doesn't catch.
You've tried that too?
Nothing works... Maybe it's still too direct.
If we can't get it on the net, we'll have to buy the software.
There's no difference in eroticism between 2D and 3D!
Listen up Ako, eroge is the first step to adulthood.
To buy an eroge...
Riko-nee, were you that unsatisfied?
No, I'm sorry for not noticing.
But the real thing is better, right?
Ehh? A photo?!
Look, look! Do you like the nurse one? There's a Chinese dress, too!
Kei-chan, are you done changing?
Ako-nee, w-wait!
Kanetsugu-sama!
I have to show a firm "teacher-like" attitude. possibly awkward sounding -Pipelynx
Suminoe-san, what's a high school student doing here in the adult section?
I'm buying that!
Oh no! Fixed actor tag -Lexi
Where did Riko-nee disappear to?
So basically, you wanted it for yourself.
Kiryuu-sensei?
You're wrong, I'm not...
K-Kei-chan?
Younger brother!?
Yes.added -masat
And the game Riko-san wanted...
You're jumping to lewd conclusions already. So the problem really is you.
Please, fire it!
You can't run away!
What I'm saying is, with your siblings...
She said she would keep it for me until I was old enough,
A reliable sister...
Mikazuki, this is embarrassing!
You're also a military commander maniac and fujoshi. split, please check time - Nanakotoadjusted time -masat
But, but, a little is fine, just once more, just five minutes!
Getting frisky with your junior to relax after studying, eh?
If you're going to relax, shouldn't you do so while surrounded by your sisters in their high-leg bikinis?!
Isn't that right, Keita?
Well, I guess you won't be needing this then.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
I know, right? inorite
Sorry, just wait here.
What's going on?
You two going to pick flowers or something?
Take this!
What's going on here?
Onee-chan!
Only thinking about stuff like that... Could it be that you're not satisfied, Sensei?
But that's nothing to be ashamed of...
Wh-What are you doing!? Changing here in front of the guys!?
Suminoe-kun?
Keita-senpai, please come to practice again.
It looks like Mikazuki trusts her, and she's worried about us as well.
Well, that might be...
This, this...
Actually, this doesn't feel bad at all.
As a punishment...
Do you want to touch them?
Why am I wearing this jersey?
And go Wasshoi!! Wasshoi!!
Oh I see.
Like this?
This is a perfect example of "The student, preparing for exams, and his older sisters".
And it's night time.
Well, it is the calm before the storm.
No!
Wait! Wait please!
Let's go! Relax, relax. relax sounds better than taking a break here - Nanakoto
Hey, I said this way!
No, this way!
Keita!
Don't tell me we got completely separated from Riko-nee? "kanzen ni hagurechatta?" makes it "completely separated" EroYatsu
Riko wants you to relax too.
Kei-chan, it's not there... You can't go there!
You OK, Nee-chan?
You're still scared. I didn't hear rising inflection and there's no "desuka?" so I think it's a statement. - EroYatsu
You don't remember?
It is a festival, right? In this context, "janai" is a question. EroYatsu
As you are siblings, it shouldn't be allowed!
Oh no! Let's run away, Keita!
There is a cricket under the helmet. What she said is classical Japanese and it literally means that- Nanakoto
Kei-chan
What's up with you then? You're soaking wet.
Keita, you too.
Then why did we laugh?
Ahh, Kei-chan returned.
Don't tell me..? It is...
I'm definitely going to catch a huge tuna!
You're so negligent.
OK! Let's do this!
Yeah, I feel hyped up already! It works.
I sure will, for your sake as well!
Knowledge up-pple or something. Does this work? it's a pun on "appu"up and "appuru"apple, I guess -Pipelynx
You're still just a kid if you're getting serious over this.
As I said, I'm sorry.
Tell me precisely.
We saw each other naked in the bathtub, too.
Stop it already!
I'm sorry, but, it won't stop.
Sorry, was that too strong?
You can't joke about things like this.for the lolslol
What's wrong?
What are you doing, keeping Keita from studying all the time? What will you do if he fails?
Stop fooling around. At least try to help Kei-chan pass the...
How's it going?
If you're going to be so concerned about it, then show me.
Don't laugh like that!
So that's that.
Right?
Then you want to quit?
What are you saying?
Don't ask me!
Now then...
I completely missed the timing to go back on this.
Just take it!
Stop!
But with my sisters' vigour... this'll be effective for sure!
Hey Kei-chan, what about the charm?
The breeze was there all along.motomoto suusuu shiteta kuse ni -Pipelynx This is me trying to make this tsukkomi work, TLC please -Pipelynx
Idiot! What the hell are you doing now? or "...doing right now?" lit. at this moment, implying she's doing something that shouldn't be done in this situation.
Ah, sorry Keita.
Got it? Relax.
I licked the sweat off his body.
Idiots! Why are you only licking my nipples!?
When the exams are over, I'll let you play inside me. play is probably best, idk if i'd understand "i'll let you refresh yourself inside of me." also, could add "to your heart's content"
You did, right.
I'm only licking his ear.
See you.
I love you.
Yeah, somehow.
I must prevent it, even if I have to risk my life as a teacher...
Ah, what am I saying?
W-With me!
I call a temporary truce.
I agree.
Kei-chan!
That's solved then. You're really hopeless, Ako.
Don't mind me. Sleeping alone would be lonely otherwise.
That's not something a high school girl should say.
Keita.
I'm home!
Really, it's amazing. I've been able to build up my self-control because of them.orig:hold up with them.
Ah eh, I wonder...
It's because you came and interrupted, Riko.
Please stop disturbing my studies!
It's fine if you understand...
Here you go.
Put on whatever toppings you want and enjoy.
This is a topping. A topping.
But there was a flavor that I didn't add...
Don't be so selfish!
Maybe I should study for Tamahire High School too!
I knew it would turn out like this.
I should swallow my pride and let Ako...
It's something so removed from us, it's even farther away than the Andromeda Galaxy.
All kinds of unmentionable experiences are waiting for you.
It gets pretty hectic every night.
I made this in cooking class.
I don't have enough.
Oh sweets.
This is it. oh my...
At first, I didn't want it...
Why?
It's not a kiss... Yeah, it is...
Sweets...
Oh, sweets. That wasn't the dad's dvd...
Keita, your breathing is labored.erotic, perverted?
I can't tell if I'm being licked or sucked on anymore.
Wait Keita, my strength is almost gone.
I didn't know you liked sweet things so much.
Riko!
Oh, sweets.
We knew you could pass it.
Yes, yes.
Splendid!
At this time of the year?
Th-That's true, but...
No, it's with me!
Look.
Yes, finally.
Go, Keita.
Keita-senpai!
Huh?
We are such stupid sisters.
...that I'll go to the same high school as you?
By the way, shouldn't I be the one apologizing?
Isn't it a little...
It's one year early but let's just celebrate in advance.
Thank you, next year!
What did you pick up?
Congratulations, Kei-chan.
Kei-chan, congratulations on graduating!
Thank you, my middle school life.
It's finally over!
Yes! A fantastic school life is about to begin!
Yes, we need to get the buttons first.
Happy
For those worn out lambs who lost their way and were unable to compete for Kei-chan's second button, this is your salvation!
Participants, write down what you want in order, OK?
Second.
My opinion has not been taken into consideration.
The one that seems least popular should be the collar of his school uniform.
Next is, the right to have Keita-senpai flip your skirt?
Could this be...
By now, that won't be enough to bewitch Keita.
We've done it many times, so it's already stuck in his mind, right?
Excited
Although I wrote it down myself, five minutes seem a little too long.
Nice, Riko.
N-Normally, you would do stuff with someone in your own year.
Um... So...
But I will definitely not lose.
Keita, don't you have any plans?!
Like hell I will!
Thank you for the time we spent together. This makes the most sense -PipelynxSoon, I'm going to be a high school student.
To make sure we don't regret this, there's only one way.-PipelynxThis is the only way so that we wont have any regrets.
Keita.
You can stop crying now.
But if that happens, you won't need to be with me all the time?
Dozing off because of lack of sleep?
...do happen here.
You're being a pervert.
That's right, these aren't just normal boxers.
I'm sorry Kei-chan.
Oh well, here, drink this first.
Say "Ah".
Kei-chan, you weirdo.
And we're siblings!
Don't smell it!
This is...
Don't scare me like that.
I don't have any interest in any of the other members.
OK...
Today is Keita's important parent-teacher conference.
What brings you here today?
Keita.
Really?!
Sorry...
Suminoe Keita!
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Cut it out already!
So you two should just hurry and go home.
Why is this lying here?
Could it be that...
Only Ako and Riko-senpai, that's so unfair!
Don't be silly.
What? But the chances of him passing is only 50?!
Oh this, if you substitute x equals 5 with 25 plus 5a equals 30, then...
Kei-chan?
Are you alright, Kei-chan?
What do you mean expected?
Ako-nee.
You can't right now.
We don't have to worry if we leave it up to you.
I want to take care of Keita too.
What's up with these parents?
I see...
I thought that you wouldn't forget if I teach you this way.
On my left thigh, it says "look at."
Good morning!
Ah, good morning.
That's not fair, Keita-senpai!
Flash!
Our beloved Ako-senpai has been tutoring you?
You did it, didn't you?
Rub, rub, it's ok, I'll rub you gently so it doesn't hurt.
What the hell am I thinking about?!
This is what you were calling a punishment game, right?
In 1573.
This is a punishment game, so you have to get punished!
But I'll forgive you.
I-Idiot, why am I getting excited?
Please, hurry up.
Girls are like candy.
Next time, Fascinating Sweets.
You are both at fault!
Just use the topping you like the most and eat up.
With this, pulling an all-nighter won't be a problem.
You'd only be wasting time...
But, you know...
It might be tasty and well-made, but once in a while I'd like to try something new.
Living together with Ako and Riko-senpai, who are waiting for you to get home...
You should be overjoyed when those kinds of things happen to you!
Idiot, stop messing with it!
Anyway, I'll get out of here before I get dragged into this.
Forget it.
It doesn't matter... I'll just...
It's just chocolate.
Didn't you say that you'd like some sweet things once in a while?
Riko!
While I was working so hard to get dinner ready...
This is?
Hey, what the hell are you doing?!
Kei-chan is probably over there again.
You've become such splendid daughters.
Are you forgetting that you also have daughters around that age?
I want to have those wonderful days back!
Dad was saying that men are supposed to stand alone sooner or later.
Especially in the morning.
It's not like you're going to start saying that your little brother is the best, right?
That's the Chief of Police... no, wait, I mean incest.
It's my job as a teacher to make sure I get her to see the error of her ways.
And you're so popular, Riko.
Are you bragging?
We can't keep running around with a brother complex.
They're mean.
Ako, what are you doing?
It sucks to be twins in these situations, doesn't it?
Yeah, it totally sucks.
Kei-chan, hurry up!
It's time for some physical education.
Stop it!
Keita-senpai!
Where am I going? Home, of course.
When you were little, you used all of your New Year's money here,
Those times were great.
Damn, why do you remember all the wrong stuff...
Look, like this one.
And this one, too.
And this, and that, that one there...
Because it's impossible!
Because... Because I can't help it!
It was probably then that I lost my cuteness and innocence.
I started to pull away from my sisters so I wouldn't get hurt.
Everyone has to grow up sometime.
What are you saying?
Go for it.
Next time: I'm sorry!
A kiss to you.
Girls really are all about the breasts.
What kind of "guy talk" is this?
I see how it is!
Huh?
Huh? A girl?!
W-What the hell are you talking about, you idiot of a father?
I'm studying for exams!
It started raining.
If you let your guard down for only a second...
He's looking, he's looking over here.
I'm about to burst.
Um...
Where are you?
Kei-chan!
Not good!
Someone left it open.
It's no use.
But, it would be bad if you caught a cold, right?
Peeing myself,
There's a window here!
Hell yeah!
No matter what you say, it's all about seeing through to the bra.
Don't be ridiculous, I have types of girls that I like, too!
I mean it!
Uh... I'm for big breasts!
Really now...
Ones with this kind of feel...
No, but still...
I smell a lucky pervert.
As if!
Kei-chan would never do something like that.
No, no, not in a million years!
Maybe I have a cold?
Did Keita cheat or something?
Don't waver, just show some courage.
Dispel my lust.
POWER!
Let's go!
I'm about to burst.
Nee-chan?! This is bad, if they find me like this...
They finally left.
...want Suminoe-kun to clean up my...
Hell yeah!
We managed to escape.
I see...
Only the real Akiba residents are able to tell the small differences.
All night? Why?
Well...
Never mind that, just come up with something already.
"Treasure boat."
I used to play this a lot.
I'm sorry.
What is it?
W-We wouldn't do something like that.
C-Cosplay?
Aren't you embarrassed?
People's manners here have gotten really bad lately.
Ah, I'm sorryfscx200-
Wasn't that Kiryuu-sensei just now?
The Student Council President, Suminoe Ako-san?
Kiryuu...sensei?
What is this? Some new kind of a shock? TLC
Yeah! I was just looking into the contents of these games I keep hearing about, it's just research. TLC
Y-Yeah, she should have been back by now.
Put me out of my misery, Kanetsugu-sama.
Well... Umm...
Now that I think about it, there's this rumor flying around that Ako-san loves her younger brother.
That still doesn't mean...
The source of their delusions could very well be their younger brother.
His behavior has them flaunting over him. The sisters are going to go berserk.
I've got to nip this problem in the bud. TLC: don't know
No, we weren't planning on doing that.
You've got to be stoic, just like the warriors in the Warring States era.
You have to pull yourself together.
Hello, Keita-senpai.
You bought me the game.
But...
But I wanted it no matter what.
Isn't she the best sister?
A sister you can rely on, huh?
If I don't upload some more, I won't get to access more, either.
I'll make sure to hide your face.
Hmmm, what should I do?
Ah, Kei-chan!
Ako, hurry up!
Keita.
As a sister and a teacher, I can't just let that happen!
How many cups of instant noodles could I buy with this kind of money...
Wait! They can see them!
A pad?
Even though the admission alone is quite a blow...
You want to wait?
OK, Ako!
Hey!
Thank you, Suminoe-kun.
Are you really alright with wearing that?
Well, we should get going.
If I keep doing this, I'll go insane.
Naoe Kanetsugu and his father, Kanetoyo, joined forces and reached Kagekatsu Bay, but...
I'm doing this just for you.
Look here, your teacher's breasts are nice, right?
Do you want to touch them?
We're going to cross the line even siblings couldn't cross.
I'm coming!!
Good morning, Masamune-sama.
This is bad! Really bad!
A kiss to you.
Kisses prohibited
Thank you, Ako-nee.
In any case, you can't.
But there was a flavor that I didn't add...
Don't be so selfish!
Don't even start...
These experiences at school can hardly be significant to you.
If that sort of thing happens, you should be happy.
This isn't fair. Why just Keita?
But...
Focus, focus.
Here...enjoy.
Why?
But...
Maybe I'll have one more...
Oh no, it feels like ecstasy.no, not the drug
Eh? Okay.
Stay like that.
Riko-nee.
It's sweet and...
Picture book?
Are you okay?
You liar.
No late-night meal tonight.
What are girls made out of?
Together with some okra and fermented soy beans, you've got yourself a nice love triangle!
Sorry to keep you waiting,
The three of them started acting completely different all of a sudden.
You see, it's so crowded and so hot
We could do that.
Nothing, really.
Wait! Please, wait!
It's annoying.
We're going over here!
Keita!
It's fine,
But still...
It's all soft and fluffy.
Are you okay, Nee-chan?
This is kind of a lonely place... Why are we here?
L-Like I'm scared, I'm not a kid anymore.
Right?
I did it!
What are you doing?
your true worth is tested during tough times!
That's what education, no, love, that's what love is all about!
I...
What do you think?
Who knows...
Because raising your voice is sort of refreshing?
Hey, where do you think you're going?!
Your old man never fails to catch the biggest tuna!
Only "while we're at it?"
A headband?
OK, let's do this!
I'll make some pork cutlet sandwiches tomorrow
From today until the exams, I'll be preparing a special victory menu!
It was really tasty.
What are you doing, Riko-nee?!
I know all I can do is make a headband!
Riko-nee, are you alright?
Huh? That's why I said sorry...
You know already, don't you?
How am I going to figure that out from this?
Stop it!
Did it just get wet?
But I can't stop.
I might not be able to become a bride anymore...
Ah, is something wrong?
I guess I'm just feeling a little hot.
What the hell are you two doing?!
Riko!!
W-What?
Let me have a look if you're so worried about it.
But good for you, now you don't have to deal with this all on your own.
Well then...
Since we're doing this anyway, why not have Keita pull them out?
Kei-chan... I'm embarrassed.
How did it come down to this?
I told you, it's fine!
If we're making one we should be quick about it.
How should I feel about that?
I'm back.
Stop that!
Don't you ever open it!
Ah... Jeez!
I'll do anything if it helps him get better.
Talk about bad timing...
Well, there's no use fretting over it.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Absolutely.
A-Ako-nee!
That hurt!
Jeez.
I'm licking his sweat off.
Once your exams are over, you can let it all out inside of me.orig. I'll let you shag me as much as you want. orig orig: we'll let you put it inside as much as you want. and yes it's singular
You're whispering something in his ear!o Seems like you are whispering in his ear!
I'm all covered in sweat.
Jeez... I guess I can't help it.org: I guess there's nothing I can do about it.ffs this shit again -nx
My head and body feels totally light!
Have a safe trip....faggotry again
You don't have to see me off.
We can't do that.
"Lo?"
What's that? It's scary.
Senpai! Fight!
You mean you're shivering.TLC'd
So, how are you feeling?
What am I doing to do?
Normally you always have everything under control, but at times like these you have no clue, Ako-nee.orig. Normally you always have everything under control, but at times like these you have no clue. i'll leave this one to the editor.....
No matter when or where.
I'm sure I'll pass.
They've caused a lot of trouble so far, but...
And it's all because you guys were there for me.
W-W-Why couldn't we open our eyes immediately?
A kiss to you.
That's my boy! Way to go, Keita!
Keita-senpai, you rock!
You can't come in!
It's because my happy-go-lucky-wonderful-high-school-life with you depends on these announcements!on the result of these announcements - you could go as far as saying "It's because my life-long dream of a happy-go-lucky-wonderful-high-school-life with you is dependent on the results of this!"
I got it, I got it already. So let's stop messing around and get going.
You're wearing a different scarf today.
Don't worry. Since you and I share our happiness, you'll surely pass with flying colors!
What are you...
Yay, it came right off!
If you want to feel great sliding, come to Naeba Ski Resort.
Adios!
Oh, man! That's bad. How could I forget to put them up?
As if you could know how we feel right now!
Huh? Where's Kei-chan?
Huh? Where's Keita?
I haven't eaten since lunch, and this looks pretty appetizing.
It's okay, I'll get it.
Jeez, where did you go?
I passed.
What the hell?!
I was able to make it...
He passed...
We'll finally be together again this spring.
Thank you, my middle school life.
Man, we're finally done!
I can't believe we've finally graduated.
This last year has been hell, considering Ako and Riko-senpai graduated, but...
H-Hey!
It's not that funny!
How can I put this...
What about us?
Why are you two here?
Whatever. We'll figure out who gets your second button later.
No, not really.
Ako-senpai! Riko-senpai!
Well, then, let's get started.
Well, let's start with that one then.
Here we go!
Amida-kuji!
But why in the world...?
So Keita-senpai put your hart and soul into, you hear me. TLC: complete bs againKeita-senpai, take a good look and burn the image into the back of your head, okay?
Embarrassing hairs? I don't have any of those. You saw that, didn't you?
You're so lucky, Riko!
I-I was thinking this while I was writing it myself i changed it up a bitI-I didn't really think about it while writing, but five minutes might be a bit long...
We're siblings! No way we would do such things.
You really helped me out.
I always figured "kids will be kids," but you're already at that age!
After all, in the olden days you'd be a fine adult already, Keita.
Aren't you planning on graduating after middle school too?!
My my, that was your dad's.
Thank you for everything up to now. I'm almost a high school student, huh?
This is...
Keita-senpai.
Those are for my sisters!
Only one?
Just for us.
iza saraba
But since you're a guy you should learn to deal with it yourself.
He's the one who has Ako-senpai and Riko-senpai we yearn for as sisters!
I hope for you that you guys don't do anything envious!
Welcome home, Kei-chan!
I'm right in it...
You've seen hers, right?
Shut up!
Jeez, what are they doing?
For now you should drink.
Huh? Didn't we tell you?
Keita...
I'm off!
Stop sniffing!
What is this, being my manager?
If it's like that you should rather become the manager of the track and field club.
After school then...
Wait please!
You know, what's his name again, B class Suminoe...
Hey wait!
We're only doing this for your sake.
It's a annoying having such fanatic sisters!
Ako-nee! Riko-nee!
I was inconsiderate and said too much!
He just pierced through us.
You got that Keita? Before they are your sisters they are fine girls!
Kei-chan you're really, no matter how much time passes...
Ako-sensei will show you a good way to study.
What is this?!
I won't tell you to stop, but could you roll your pencil in a more quiet manner?
I'll definitely have him pass!
Jeez, what are you doing? Don't lose your concentration!
Do you want to see?
I got it! I will do my best, too! I will study with all my might!
Well then, do you want me to prepare some chicken and egg on rice?
But I won't hand your mother over, got it?
A triangle has a total interior angle of 180 degree.
If I'm not mistaken it is solved like this...
Impossible, I just can't!
So today it's not in your suits.
Special?
Yes, that's the way.
It means to look at something.
It means that something makes you happy...
How cruel of you, Senpai!
That sharp minded, lovely Student Council President?
Ako-nee!
Ahh... So smooth...
Rub, rub, rub
Wha... What is she doing?
I'm sorry, Ako-nee...
Sleeping together!
Well, we already did a small test in school.
Remembering them...
I-I'm sorry about that...
The last time I got a kiss from you was 4 years ago in Elementary School.
Ouch...
Riko-nee...
I don't know if it turned out delicious... But if you like...
What are girls made of?
Mine!
Wait!
AHH! Punishment for both of you!
Here you are!
Tada!
Today is a homemade Chinatown-seafood special!
Indeed, her food is yummy... And perfect...
There's a meaning for me to give this to him!
That's no good.
How did it turn out like that?!
If you like, eat it please.
And...
Anyway, I shouldn't get involved with him...
Nothing can be done here...
Concentration...
Cho-co-la-te...
Huh? What?
Sweet...
Yes! Another order for sweets, at once!
Oh my god... I can't stop...
Yes...
My hip is about to give way...
They are made of sugar and spice and many other wonderful things!
Well then...
I don't care!
Hey, Keita!
It was the time when we just became Middle Schoolers.
Here, here, there's still more for you!
No way! I'm fed up with this!
But it's exactly as you say.
On your marks!
Ready?
It's impossible, no matter how much effort he puts in!
A-Amazing...
If you rank first, I'll give you a kiss!
It's time for Physical Education!
Mikazuki... Where you ask? Isn't obvious? I'm heading home.
Isn't that what a student preparing for entrance exams is supposed to be doing normally?
No no! I won't let you off!
This is the least we can do for him, right?
Cut that out!
What is that? And what about your offerings?
He? That's just for consolation, isn't it?
It's impossible!
Doing this is absolutely pointless!
So? What are you going to do? Give up?
I won't give my sisters to someone of doubtful origin!
Keita!
Writing an article about the power of dawn and dusk...
A novel for young men!
Welcome home!
Accident?
On the stairs...
Inside a vaulting box...
Oh no!
Wha... What "Right?", stupid pops.
Kei-chan!
Alright! I'm gonna study a bit in the library!
It's raining...
Let's go!
W-What should I do?
I must go to the toilet...
I'm about to wet myself!
This is...
Mikuni: I've endured it the whole time in the library...
No...!
I'm going to clean this up.
That's not meant in a weird way, but wouldn't it be bad to catch a cold?
AHHH! What are you doing?!?
"The foreboding Akihabara"
Weird...
In the school library!!!
Well, a man's gotta learn to stand on his own two feet.
But Riko, you're so popular!
But Keita is the only one for me, so...
But you'll be doing it too, ok?
Rude, perverted...
Me too.
I really want to see Keita right now.
We felt exactly the same way in junior high.
At times like this, it sucks to be twins.
That's how seniors are!
First his twin sisters, now he's going after a junior?
We just need to be patient until Kei-chan gets accepted into Tamahide High.
Ako-nee? Riko-nee?
My new year's money is in there too.
You can't do that.
Ako, you need become more aware of a few things.
Or not...
Through the "reaching out" part, your wish of being accepted comes true.
That's why many people still come here to make a wish about love.
Us?
If Ako and Riko saw this, they wouldfscx200-
It's impossible!
That was probably the time...
Hey, look at this.
Thank you for being so earnest.
But even if they ask... you'll stop all of them next spring, right Kei-chan?
I might end up with someone who made their wish here.
I won't let some stranger take my sisters away.
Next time: Sorry!
Even so, I would have been happy if it was a game console.
Well, but this dream might forever remain a dream.
Yes! Well then, to Akiba!
Excited... Excited... Excited...!
What are you doing? Let's go!
What is this?
Then... Nikubou?
Have you already tried that out as well?
Warm Wife district
Yes, but if he does...
Were you that frustrated, Riko-nee?
Leave it to me. Mission start!
Rather than that, here, take a look!
Customers wear costumes and have someone take a photo of them.
I don't want that!
Welcome!
How do I put this on?
Hey hey, now stay still!
This calls for education!
Just now... Wasn't that Kiryuu-sensei?
Running away is win
However, I have to get a hold of the goods, I came for in the first place and withdraw!
...already...
Ah... Y-Yes...
Kiryuu... Sensei?
N-No... I mustn't lose myself over something like this!
Thank you!
"Confiscate" you said... And what did you buy just now?
I'm going to get that Ero-Game back, help me.
Be my suicide assistant this instant, Kanetsugu-sama!
E-Ehm... We are...
And you are...
Hu?! Little brother?!
What the heck were you all thinking?!?
We and Keita are not blood-related!
That's why it's not a problem!
What I think?
Here is finally the urgent dealing for the prohibited goods!
He... He's not here!
What is this about? Suddenly dragging me here into this store...
Please shoot me!
Wearing clothes of a commander of the Civil War Era, it's like having the beliefs of the Stoic flowing into you!
Ahh! Nobunaga-sama! Please give me more!
W-Wait!
Yes, that's right!
Someone who was about buy it
Ahh...!
Well then...
Yes, of course! She's really a reliable sister!
Japan's number one!
That's good, Onee-chan! Roar around little bit more!
But, just a little bit longer, OK?
I want it so bad...
You're tickling me!
Ah come one! Don't move!
Isn't that great...?
Well well... Here have a look.
Well, then you have no use for this.
One step into this air-conditioned store
And if everything goes well I could overcome my financial difficulties...
What am I supposed to do, Kanetsugu-sama?!
I doubt you hit it, but if you do I'll know.
As I thought, a date in broad daylight...
This can't be!
He! Amazing!
Well, we're finally at the pool, so let's swim together.
I don't care about my appearance here.
I'm going, too!
But this is a rare opportunity to get some information.
That was close...
Eh? "Ahhh"?
How rude! I'm still-
Don't tell me...
OK or not, we didn't bring any spare clothes with us.
That may be right...
I forgot!
Why does it have such a faint tickling scent...?
No... I kinda like it...
How embarrassing...
What is this strange sensation of freedom?
It smells good...
I can't stop it!
Oh, this is not good.
Good morning Masamune-sama...
Huh?
Why am I naked?
Yummy yum noodles...
H-How is it? Does it feel good...?
OK.
Yeeees...
Doing this and that...
Riko
Kei-chan will be going with me to the festival!
No way!
Wait! Please wait!
There's so much going on here...
A quiet place is better for relaxation.
Ha... Should I go home?
I have to escape, at once!
Are you alright?
Don't worry, we'll find her sooner or later.
It looks so delicious!
Eating something sticky again, huh?
So you're still scared.
To a darker, more silent...
...afraid, right?
Very well!
I said wait!
This is education, this is love!
I'm this years Mrs. Mikoshi!
What a hell of a summer festival...
Ah! It's about to start!
I'm sorry... Dear God...
Impossible...
Keita?
Then let me-
For example from Dazaifu...
Opportunity?!
Alright!
This is the last spurt, so I've got to study seriously now!
Well then, I'm going to make you some tea.
How is it?
Yeah, I kind of get the fighting spirit! This is wonderful!
Let's dig in!
Your dessert will be an apple.
What part of me looks like one?!
Your mind, for example!
Riko-nee?
Tell me, where is this?
You will see soon.
Ah, are you feeling it?
Your sock is getting into me.
Your foot... is big...
She's kinda cute...
That's OK, you can look... No...
Kei-chan, sorry for the wait!
Maybe it's just hot in here.
Then why don't you leave the Kotatsu?
And you, you're sweating a lot!
I'm gonna leave-
Not...
This is to be expected before exams.
This is bad.
What did you come here for?!
pubic hair
Ah!
Ah, I'm feeling so refreshed...
But, but...
Ako...
Well then...
...or else I'll end up like a baby as I don't have that many...
You really are an idiot.
That hurt!
Oh, well...
Oh, it's this late already...
Let's see...
Kei-chan...
I'm back...
I'm so sorry, all you uncles out there...
Why the heck did we even make something that embarrassing in the first place?
Me and you... are entangled...
But where did it come from?
then this will absolutely work!
Please lend me the power to pass!
...in such a conspicuous spot...
I'll give him everything he wants!
Of all times, it had to be now...
I guess getting ill can't be helped...
This won't work...
I was one step away from failing the exams...
Sorry that I can't go to the same High School as you...
This is pissing me... Off!
Ah... Keita, I'm sorry.
Or rather, while I'm standing here quietly, what the heck are you doing to the sick person?
Don't they say that you get better faster if you pass your cold onto others?
As I said, if I take Kei-chan's cold...
Jeez... You don't love him enough for that!
Don't get in my way!
...would lick its ill child's fur clean, wouldn' t it?
Tch, she has good perception...
I will lick the other one then!
And I'm already sweating this much...
Hey!
Seriously... It can't be helped then...
I feel so warm...
We can't do that...
For me, you're the best sisters I could ask for. I don't deserve sisters like you.
So you really had them nurse you?! HEH?!
Heh? You're so cruel!
For now, look to the front
E-Excuse me...
Let's call it a truce...
It was one year ago, at most.
You too, Riko-nee. Here.
My-... Why?!
You're so careless.
Yes, he was the best...
Kei-chan...
This is the question that Ako-nee taught me.
My sisters are by my side.
Don't tell me you're going to say something like "I did it perfectly"!
Riko-nee?
Sleep well... Ako-nee, Riko-nee.
Ako...
Next time: Good day, ejection failure!
I knew it, I knew it.
Just as expected from my son, Keita!
Well well, Keita is my son, you know?
Ako-nee...
It comes off cleanly!
O- Oh yeah! By the way, this morning my tea stalk was floating straight today!
Come to the Naeba ski resort to slide!
Wasshoi! Wasshoi!
Erm well th- thi-
This is definitely odd!
Shut up! This mustn't happen by all means!
Leave us alone!
You are awesome, you are awesome Keita-senpai!
But accepting it straight on is also a shape of love.
Let's do our best!
Let's recharge!
Sorry, Kei-chan...
Secretly, the two of us...
Always troubling you and behaving like a spoiled child.
It's one year early, but let's take it as a celebration in advance!
Hurray for next year!
Cheers for next year!
Well...
Here.
Where did he go?
Ah! Kenta!
Both those who made it for the entrance exam and those who made it for the replacements will be admitted!
Ako-nee, Riko-nee!
Yes!
What's with you, trying to rebut even a little.
If I see her again, I better express my gratitude properly.
Why are you flirting around?
Are you sure? What if you were seen by your sisters at this place?
By the way the second button belongs to me.
No it's mine!
Ehhh! There aren't any left?
Leave such an irresponsible guy alone.
In that case, why are you here?
Reach the end!
Amidakuji
Keita-senpai, look at me with all your might, and focus on me!
And furthermore, she did it so casually.
That's a logical argument...
But looking at that Amidakuji, you seem to be doing such things with your sisters.
No, what's with me at a place like this?
Erm, so what was it? What I am trying to say is that...
but I will forget all of that.
Truly, you saved me back then!
Suminoe-kun...
This is!
I don't have any more left!
For us...
Our graduation memento.
A new suit.
Since it's a new year, I will try my best wearing this.
In that case...
Being a liar marks the beginning of becoming a thief you know?
Tch, I have no choice then.
Is it fine?
You're both in seventh grade now.
You've both become so gorgeous.
Need he-h-he help cha-changing?
He can't always be close to his sisters.
We don't even go to the same school as Kei-chan anymore...
A boy, uh?
Ako, do you have a brother complex?
But Keita is the only one for me, so...
How many did you get today?
Five.
That could be one possibility.
Guys are dirty...
Yours too, Riko.
And maybe much more.
I must be tired from studying so much.
What are you saying "chuu" for?
She was praying for you to get rejected.
That's it?
What? But this doesn't really work, does it?
Besides, I don't believe in Gods.
Are you okay with that?
I purposely distanced myself from them so I wouldn't get hurt.
Thank you for being so earnest.
But even if they ask... you'll stop all of them next spring, right Kei-chan?
What are you saying?
I might end up with someone who made their wish here.
Going somewhere I don't know...
Okay.
to be your sisters forever.
The partial display of their bra, if written, is a boy's romance.R: "if written" ? Kinda not sure what does this line wants to convoy.
What's wrong, Keita?
Shut up. What kind of guy talk is this?
Welcome back.
What happened Kei-chan?
In the nurse's office...
At the stairs...
Fight on.
I did, I did.
We have to supervise his health being an entrance exam student... as older sisters.
Keita: What's wrong?
Miharu: B... b... b...
Keita: But hold it for a bit longer.
Don't shake it so hard.
It's left open.
What am I supposed to do now?
That?
It's okay, I'll do it myself.
So stop.
There he is!
Eroge.
Give you a kiss.
Girls definitely mean breasts! bUneasiness at Akihabara
Those hips! I can't hold it in.R: consider adding "just" before "can't" bUneasiness at Akihabara
Eat up. bUneasiness at Akihabara
Are you guys idiots?R: use "retarded" instead? bUneasiness at Akihabara
Sorry! bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Impossible... Kei-chan would never... bUneasiness at Akihabara
Accidents. bUneasiness at Akihabara
In the nurse's office... bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
In the hall way...
At the stairs... bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
A man's heart wavers. bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Kei-chan... bUneasiness at Akihabara
But, I don't even know her name. bUneasiness at Akihabara
We have to supervise his health being an entrance exam student... as older sisters. bUneasiness at Akihabara
Did she go home? bUneasiness at Akihabara
How does he know my name? bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Miharu: I've been holding it this whole time while in the library...
Miharu: I'm going to...
Kei-chan, where are you? bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Kei-chan? bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Who might you be? bUneasiness at Akihabara
Eroge. bUneasiness at Akihabara
bUneasiness at Akihabara
Sometimes love isn't the answer for everything.
To the northern sky that melts my heart away
lt'll bring smiles to our faces
Squid Crab AKANEGl FRESH FlSH MARKET My father left us the market when he died.
URASAKl MARKET Thank you, come again!
Y... yeah...
Squid Crab AKANEGl FRESH FlSH MARKET
Oh, no problem. Will you come?
Straight From The Coast Charlie Parker?!
Thank you for coming!
What? l've already gone there for delivery today.
Thanks for coming!
l think so too.
He's the heir to a long-established inn too.
what's going to happen to the shop you left us if l get married?
So there's no way Mom can run the store by herself.
Minoru is about the only guy out there who's willing to marry a tomboy like you!
HAKODATE You're now listening to Shoko Saibara's Cappuccino Break.
AKANEGl FRESH FlSH MARKET So send me your...
But well...
Meuniere?
What do you feel like eating?
OUR FAMOUS MlLK PUDDlNG Once You Try lt, You Gotta Have MOOOOOre! 200 yen This is the best!
OUR FAMOUS MlLK PUDDlNG Once You Try lt, You Gotta Have MOOOOOre! 200 yen
What?!
at least the first 400,000 yen by the end of this month.
Since this area is pretty close to the train station, l think you'll find a buyer right away.
Please try giving this matter positive consideration.
No, l shouldn't have dragged you around with me at a time like this.
You have the choice to give up anytime,
l never ever thought of my work as ''tough times!'' Not even once!
Oh, so you want to party with boys, huh?
l just think, if my father had lived,
You know, had a normal youth.
What gives you the right to say stuff like that, Minoru?
What's that?
and Mr. Jinguji said he really wants to hurry things along, so...
so sooner or later you're going to marry him anyway, right?
Why do we have to rush?
Please understand, Atsuko.
l want to see you
Next Episode Hakodate Atsuko Akanegi Part 2
Kita e jump
Kokoro tokasu kita no sora ni
And jump, jump
Hakodate Atsuko Akanegi Part 2
There!
Have you ever thought what people would say if they found out
lt's none of your business, is it?
Meuniere!
l want you to get your feelings in order by then.
Yeah...
No, don't worry about it.
The Foreigners' Cemetery
l'm sorry.
Aren't l heavy?
You're in debt because you're not enough.
Even a beautiful flower can look like it's wilting if you don't know how to arrange it.
Congratulations.
SHlRAHATA FlSHERY Main Street Branch l was born and raised in Hakodate.
Kizutsuku koto wa osorenaide
Anata to nara aruite yukeru
Next Episode but it turned out to be toothpaste!
lt'll bring smiles to our faces
And jump
HARADA Hey, do you know the legend of the diamond dust?
the two of you are guaranteed to be happy together.
Can we stop by there later?
AKARI HARADA
We thank you for your business!
Please take care.
Yo! Being clumsy as usual, Harada?
How about on your day off?
Akari, don't take him seriously, okay?
No, he may have been drunk, but it was still uncalled-for.
But l can't believe how many problems your father causes.
Atari Grill New World Lane
This meat and potatoes look great!
Dad?
Oh, you have to work again today, don't you?
Yeah, l'm sorry.
Wanna come over here and get on the swings with me?
Hey, wait, you brats!
lt's just odd to hear stuff like that from you.
You've really changed, Kurokawa.
l couldn't do it on my own.
What the hell are you lying there for?
What? Got a problem?
What the hell did you just say?
Jeez, whatever.
Dr. William Clark, the world-famous child of Hokkaido, once said, ''Boys, be ambitious!''
is just like searching for a single glimmering speck buried in the sand,
lt's nothing. l just got dizzy for a second.
l said, it's nothing!
Oh, l forgot.
What about your bath?
Yeah!
Dad hasn't asked me to pan for gold with him since Mom passed away.
Dad, are you sure you're not going to take a bath?
Goodnight...
All right!
''Go ahead and use mine.''
''l have to take a...''
Akari Harada!
No, it's nothing. Thank you.
Because...
l want to see that gaze of yours
As you look up to the sky
l will never forget the day we kissed
Making sure of our joined hands
Next Episode Getting a massage is my way of relieving it!
Hana to kibou to koi wo dakishimete
Kanashii toki wa kita e
Kirei na kuuki suou
And jump
MR. HARADA
We suggested that he should begin treatment immediately at the university hospital,
Are you serious?!
What if l had found out about it earlier?
What can l do for my father?
Hmm? What?
lsn't that what you told me?
Oh, l see... l was picturing really scary things in my head.
This is not good. l don't know what l'm doing!
Why don't you use less sugar and bring out the flavor of the ingredients more?
Dad! Let's take a breather!
All right, l guess we'll take a quick break!
What a nice breeze!
Do you know about diamond dust?
Diamond dust? No...
Yeah!
Green Park
Yeah!
l'm sorry l kept you out this late.
So you have to take me back there when summer comes, okay?
Okay?
Actually, l did go...
That's why when your mother died, l said to myself,
But now l feel differently about it.
but when l looked at your father, l realized something.
Welcome!
RYU AN
...if maybe one day l'll get to see it with someone too?
Kuchizuke shita ano hi no koto wasurenai no
Next Episode but what else can l use to clean them?
La, la, la, hop
To the northern sky that melts my heart away
The vast sky
Let's enjoy delicious food
Oh no!
My work has been going well too.
People from the old days came up with a wise saying.
Maybe she's the Snow Queen or something.
l think that was Snow White...
he wouldn't be able to help falling in love with you,
even if he wasn't Prince Charming!
My friends are going to be in a skating competition.
You're listening to Shoko Saibara's Cappuccino Break.
Today, we're broadcasting a live show from the site of the Sapporo Snow Festival,
so our program will be an extended-length one.
So l think it's okay, just while we're waiting...
You're as strict as always.
Captain!
DOMESTlC ARRlVAL LOBBY has been delayed for thirty minutes.
What?!
Thank you so much for what you did earlier.
l was sent here for training,
You're talking about the diamond dust, right?
That's the feeling l get.
No, but it was still an accident.
My honey! You have captured my heart!
Excuse me!
Hmmm... That's a difficult question.
C'mon, it's your turn!
Haruto!
''l'll be praying his feelings for me won't change afterward.''
Big brother!
l'm not a kid anymore!
''Dear Mr. Kurata. How are you? l'm extremely happy right now.''
l want to be in love forever
And jump
And step
Morning...
l'll be looking forward to the update!
l am Karin Shiraishi.
l see.
So in order to get to the bottom of the problem, you'll have to have surgery.
Hey, now.
l've been waiting for you all this time!
So you saw through me?
''lt's Lake Mashu in the fog.''
What's going on? Why are you smiling?
To tell you the truth, l have been hospitalized for quite some time.
You're the one who told me not to call you Karin, right?
Well, that's...
Come on, let's go.
What? Haven't you heard of peppermint candy before?
Big Brother!
Huh?
My brother, who gave me a peppermint candy...
l'm sorry for looking at your computer without your permission.
But...
Where are we going?
Sorry, l've gotten carried away. Should we go back to the room?
Dear Karin...
I guess I' ll never understand how much pain you're going through, no matter how hard I try. But don't forget... You... You have someone who's always thinking of you. l guess l'll never understand how much pain you're going through,
I guess I' ll never understand how much pain you're going through, no matter how hard I try. But don't forget... You... You have someone who's always thinking of you. no matter how hard l try.
Yeah, that's the one!
l want to see that gaze of yours
Next Episode Anyway, enjoy the next episode of On to the North, Diamond Dust Drops!
l bet you were laughing at me,
And jump
l'm actually a little happy about it.
What's the matter?
Thanks, l've been looking for it.
Thank you.
Say...
Huh?
Well, you can drink milk.
Switch with me!
What was that about all of a sudden?
What?
RECElVlNG l was in the hospital myself when l was younger and had surgery.
Be brave.
Be brave.
Dad! Dad!
Dad! Dad!
You have to be more confident than that.
You're not the person who's most nervous right now, remember?
C'mon, let's go back.
Karin, are you okay?
What?
Dying in a dream is a good sign!
They say it's a sign you'll become a new you.
You need to strengthen your immune system.
Wait!
But you never wanted to have the surgery.
Well, Karin, something awful has happened.
Part time?
Miss Yuki...
Oh, it is this late already?
Huh?
La, la, la, hop
And jump
lt'll bring smiles to our faces
Well... You see...
l'm out of here!
Stop the camera.
Miki...
That's enough!
Let's just call it a day.
Asahina, you haven't eaten dinner yet, right? Wanna stop by somewhere and grab something?
Oww!
This is my lucky day. C'mon, let's get out of here.
Maison Sabrina
Yeah...
Your movie... Do you think it's going to go well?
They're just reading their lines.
l'm out of here.
As punishment, do the dishes!
How's that?
l've been on the Amateur Film Festival's executive committee for a long time,
Old Hokkaido Government Building
You're listening to Shoko Saibara's Cappuccino Break.
lt's about Miki...
Why would we need someone who has
Miki appears in my movies as well as the Captain's movies!
Huh? Yeah, l guess...
So please wait for one day.
Message to the Viewers That's enough of your BS!
PorkLoiN Cutlet SpecialPrice Huh?
Someone called you this afternoon.
This is the time of night when the Moon reflects on the water and looks very pretty.
Maison Sabrina
At this rate, we should be able to make up the time lost, l think.
Next Episode
Next Episode This is Mamiko Noto.
Next Episode Well, it's kind of like a science experiment to me,
Next Episode So l'm really hooked on cooking right now.
lf he meant that much to her, she never should have let him out of her sight.
Don't you think she got what she deserved?
Kita e jump
Kokoro tokasu kita no sora ni
So you knew about this?
As of today, l quit the cinema club.
l trust you don't have a problem with that,
There's no doubt that you're the victim in this incident.
Kyoko, you're...
l see...
We're going to Shakotan to get material for the movie.
Here! Sorry to keep you waiting.
This one's no good either.
Don't you think she got what she deserved?
l know, but it won't matter how many days you spend here.
l just didn't find a place that matches the image that l have in my head today.
You have no idea how hard this is for me!
lt's just that l still haven't reached the level where l'm good enough to win a prize!
don't you ever interfere with my movie-making again!
To me it seems like right now,
lf you don't buy it, you'll be very sorry!
The deadline for the manuscript is coming up soon and...
Stop whining!
What a beautiful moon...
lt's incredible... So this is diamond dust...
But l've never shot anything before...
l heard from other seniors that you've won awards at the Amateur Film Festival
two years in a row.
Kizutsuku koto wa osorenaide
Next Episode
Next Episode -Asahikawa- Suomi Kitano Enjoy the next episode of On to the North, Diamond Dust Drops!
Mabayui dekigoto, kimi ga soko ni iru
Hiroi sora
La, la, la, hop
Right?
"What a beautiful day it is today!"
If you make a wish on the diamond dust, your wish is guaranteed to come true.
Well then, why don't we get started?
since your comeback after the ligament injury they said you'd never recover from.
But?
Let's just say the seasons have gone right on changing,
Diamond dust? You mean that...
My leg was fine, but it was like my mind wasn't there at all.
But I didn't want to lose.
Not you, who's blaming others for the fact that you can't skate anymore
That's right... You wouldn't understand.
But really there might have been more tough things than fun ones.
Because we're going to split the gold medal, right?
Right?
Hey, kids, what are you two doing here?
You don't need to break it. I'll let you keep my half for now.
A beautiful day doesn't always have to mean a sunny one!
l know!
Hakodate DRAFT BEER Let's see...
Hakodate DRAFT BEER
Mother!
Hmm?
Next Episode l have to be happy every day to get those smile lines on my face, huh?
Let's get some fresh air
Hey, Suomi, what did you wish for?
You suck! You suck! No one sucks more than you!
A cream puff puts a smile on people's faces!
Why are you asking me?
Zoo!
Wow!
You don't want it wrapped around you, Haruto?
Haruto!
He got really mad when l tried to show off a little.
Fast Food Asahiyama Ramen l'm going to get a twist cone and an lmagawa-yaki.
l'll pay for it.
Haruto, you said you hate skating, right?
Then she began to hate skating.
Tokiwa Park
Ouch!
Right!
All right! Then let's go!
Yeah, l am...
Hey, haven't l seen that girl somewhere before?
What do you mean? You're going already?
Kouta...
Huh? Where's Suomi Kitano?
She's won first place at lots of different competitions.
l get it...
Hey, are you a skirt chaser?
l was thinking about entering the next all-star selection competition.
That gentle smile
l can walk anywhere, anywhere if l'm with you
Next Episode The one you see for just a split second during the evening
And jump, jump
Embrace flowers, hopes and love
The blue sky
Let's enjoy delicious food
To the north, jump
Thanks.
Hey, will you take me to that sunflower field again sometime?
l'd love to walk through the field with you aga...
l knew what l was getting into when l started dating you.
What do you care as long as the people involved are happy?
Excuse me.
So did you get it?
Well, unfortunately, l didn't get to enjoy a pastrami sandwich from Sapporo Garden today,
Here you go.
l don't want people to get ideas.
Exactly!
Shoko Saibara's CAPPUCClNO BREAK
Shoko Saibara's CAPPUCClNO BREAK
Good for you!
Didn't you buy them, Mr. Uraoka?
START l'd probably put some bath powder or something into my tub.
AnyTime you want a Pastrami sandwich F romSapporo Garden, please LETme know. I'llSTand inThe long line and BuyThem jusz F or you. Oh, l'm sorry! l'm not supposed to mention product names!
but you have to cheer up, Dried Mullet Roe!
What?!
AnyTime you want a Pastrami sandwich F romSapporo Garden, please LETme know. I'llSTand inThe long line and BuyThem jusz F or you. RADIO BOY So, you're saying this ''Radio Boy'' brought the pastrami sandwiches?
You think so?
Never mind that, do you feel like going for a couple of drinks?
Yeah, we're pretty far from Sapporo.
lNFO CALL Name: Takeda Like l told you before,
Making sure of our joined hands
Next Episode Some people use a betting ticket for her as a safe-driving charm.
Soshite step
And jump, jump
Dokomademo tsuzuku
Yeah, l promise, l do.
Morning...
Steam Series Noboribetsu Hot Spring
CHHEER U P RADLO BOY By the way, my favorite bath powder is ''Noboribetsu Hot Spring,''
l think someone's stalking me.
No, l haven't. l've been dying to see it though.
Oranges! Oh, l love them too!
Hey, wait! That's not cool!
You seem to be in a good mood lately.
''Miss Shoko, l need your advice as a relationship expert, please!''
Mt. Yotei
l borrowed this for you.
Good enough?
l do.
Really?
What about how l feel?
The seasons are changing without you even noticing, Mr. Uraoka.
l can't even manage my own problems,
''that maybe he doesn't really love me at all.''
Music! Get us music!
But...
Not good! We don't have time for that!
So why did you say you were quitting?
So how can l give other people advice on their problems?
l'm just sitting here alone talking to a microphone.
See, l'm here!
He brought it here.
Summer is over now.
This is the best response we've ever had for this show, isn't it?
Well, it's almost time to say goodbye.
Kizutsuku koto wa osorenaide
Kuchizuke shita ano hi no koto wasurenai no
Eien ni koi wo shitai
Tsunaida te wo tashikamete sou futarikiri de
shake the stadium with the enthusiasm they evoke from their fans.
without scoring a goal you can never win.
They're pushing. Pushing.
I lik
It's Aizawa!
I really like socce
The speed to suddenly switch the defense into offense.
The magnificent footwork of a breakthrough.
Yes!
Up until last year you played as a forward, right?
C'mon! It's Yuusuke every single time!
Why... do you know my name?
Um...
Seven? Uh, huh? Seven...
Or don't you like soccer anymore?
See you!
You know her?
and she came to say goodbye to the team.
Suguru-senpai!
What's wrong?
You idiot.
He's good. This alien is no amateur.
I always have the most fun when I play soccer, after all!
What?
Hey, Nakatsuka,
Well, that's if you even get on the field.
Nishijima! I'll kill you!
When I call your name, respond loudly.
For midfield, Manabu Endou.
I didn't run.
I'll play.
Kakeru, who never could use his left leg...
That unattainable one more.
Kunimatsu-san sure is relentless.
But the white team's sideback has pulled too far back.
and Suguru-san is a compacter?
Here it comes!
Wait. This is...
Oh, shoot!
Straight for the goal.
A little?
You should be able to get a ball like that.
No one, except Kakeru.
That Suguru's sending some impossible passes.
This is what it feels like to face the U-15s' ace...
There's no way he'll get it.
I'll get it!
Instead, he took an extra step so he could shoot with his right.
Always?
but his shots never went in.
In the end, he never scored a point during scrimmages
Kakeru...
I'll put it in next time.
He went with his left!
No buts about it.
You did well out there.
Between the assist for the first point
I don't know how anyone could miss with a pass like that.
and score is me!
Oh?
It's an embarrassing story,
or slipped past them with a feint.
Yet, even after running around that much,
Miss that many shots and what happens?
if he doesn't score, it amounts to zero.
Kakeru...
Middle school soccer has a thirty minute half,
but you know that I have a weak left.
What's wrong with you?
After today, I'm...
but I'll say it now.
But I was half-hearted.
and represent Japan as a conductor.
Because, in the end, I like your soccer.
The king of the field...
I need
They said someone fell asleep at the wheel.
an unthinkable time of parting was approaching.
At first, Nadeshiko was under pressure,
continued more and more game-like practices.
so he should be here, eventually.
Hey, Araki, the competitive games are coming up.
SC under Coach Kondo had a sense of tension.
I'll take your opinions into consideration.
What a pain.
please come back to the team.
No matter how many times you ask, you won't change my mind.
Shit!
Nice save, Reo.
but this time he grabbed my shirt and pulled me to the ground.
Takase, what are you getting all heated for?
This is my brother's heart, after all.
Oh, here it is.
What's wrong?
Yes. Sort of.
But the article I wanted to show you was this one.
This is the place that Seven said was for training soccer players.
Silva?
I wonder if it has something to do with you, Kakeru-kun.
was offered a large sum of money to play.
Kakeru,
Yes, can I help you?
Is Michiro-kun home?
You're Michiro-kun's younger sister?
So Takase-kun was in the basketball club during middle school.
So he switched to the soccer club in his third year?
We're first years in the same soccer club as Michiro-kun.
This is Chika.
Actually, I wanted to talk to him.
You can make money overseas with soccer,
and there are those players who make tons of money,
I bet my brother would rather play basketball.
That's different from the advertised price!
He's so responsible.
I wonder. I don't like it.
I don't like it.
then he should play, no matter the reason.
In this country, the menu is...
that I can continue playing the soccer that I love,
thank you.
I wanted you to see that.
Takase...
in the darkness where it's hard to see how it will return.
Hey!
Mishima-san?
You!
She's good.
What's going to happen next?
The Enoshima Soccer Club just can't seem to unite.
What do they each think of the other's appearance?
Business?
Could you go out with me in a while?
Kamakura Station
Um, to where, Coach Kondo?
I've never seen a coach go so far for his club.
However, it's true that, right now,
We have no idea what kind of opponent they will be.
There's no way that, at a time like this,
That's the spirit, Araki-kun.
Fore-check!
Araki-san!
Nice, Kaoru-chan.
Let's get serious.
Why you...!
top scorer at the intercollegiate competition,
Makoto Hasegawa!
Why are we playing against an opponent like...
they can't function properly.
When that avenue is blocked,
I don't think they'll sub him out.
if he's out of breath immediately, there's no point.
You thought of a way to overcome his cardiovascular weakness.
Yes. After consulting sport medicine,
Right. If we can't get a good play,
Not yet.
Enoshima
Kamakura
Komachi Road
I'm dying...
Get back to practice!
Sawamura-san.
Okay!
First, Goalie: third year Akitoshi Ri-kun.
All right!
Kota...
And, Kota Nakatsuka-kun.
Huh?
Yes!
I have homework.
H-Hold on a second, Mito-chan.
on the inter-high qualifier against Kanagawa...
The Enoshima Soccer Club has finally united.
So money really does make a difference.
We might be at a disadvantage, huh?
Playing on the opponent's field.
You've got a stupid looking haircut, as usual.
But if they do put me in, I'll definitely score a goal
Momoko Fukushima.
Keiso, who was in the top eight,
Right, Brother?
Enoshima is strong.
We'll definitely win.
T-Takajo-san! You came!
I'm sure you'll be glad you came.
Their only option is to send it to the sidelines.
All right. All right.
A new form of the retreat defense,
He sent it straight to Mako-san's feet from that distance.
and slipped the ball through another defender's legs.
I had heard the story from Kakeru, but that's amazing.
A cross?
Yeah!
Right!
Nice save.
Going easy in the first 10 minutes hurt us.
I'm counting on you, boss.
it'll be difficult to predict the outcome.
The game starts now.
scores his first goal.
A striker who can show me a world
I can't lose here!
That wasn't even close to my best.
Ball?
No! If you look at the ball,
K-Kakeru, what was that just now?
his potential as a true striker.
Next time on Knight in the Area,
Kakeru did his best, but he hasn't fixed his habit
is the same feint used by a genius player.
over and over so you don't forget it.
So close! Takase's header hits the post,
Number 20, Aizawa is substituted
Your feint is being read every time.
our next match will be
Do you intend to press your dribble attack despite that?
While I'm running away from the things I'm bad at,
You're quite an egoist, aren't you?
Coach Iwaki, please use Kakeru again in the next game.
After being substituted...
It's true that both Keiso and Busho
in the last five years.
Ten matches with less than a goal a game...
has been known as the "four rows"
and they've had their share of shut-outs.
who do you think will win?
I'll stay, too.
That's true...
Hey!
Come on, stop the film!
Are you all right, Nana-chan?
Goal? What was that?
Wha
and practiced it until they made it their own.
I won't let you through!
Iwaki-kun.
They just saw an incredible match from Tsujido,
so they probably can't sit still.
Yeah.
Kakeru-kun did lose his brother, so...
Please excuse me.
By yourself?
I wonder if Kakeru is practicing like he's supposed to...
Yeah...
I always thought about wearing the national uniform with him.
I won't let you!
I haven't healed!
Bummer!
We won't lose.
there wouldn't be anything left.
to break Enoshima High.
Kakeru voluntarily joins in the match,
Hibino continued to play soccer on his unrecovered knee.
In the end, we never quite connected.
The Kanagawa province final regional match
has won 3 matches against other schools
with incredible strength.
If they can defeat Tsujidou,
the final tournament.
Don't underestimate them.
I've strategized all I could strategize this last week.
The defensive midfielder with amazing physical fitness,
On the left side, the captain, Yuuji Sawamura.
They can protect and attack,
Araki-kun! Lose some weight!
The forwards...
Number 8, Tazuo Fukuda.
Kyousuke Hasegawa, in a one-top formation.
I'm counting on you.
Huh?
Okay!
towards the Enoshima goal.
What could this be about? I have no idea!
The ball traveled over 30 meters!
It's mine!
you get a feeling something's going to happen.
All right!
Sawamura-san and Sakamoto-san are running up the sides.
With Oda-san's long feed, this might be a chance!
Indeed. I didn't notice in the last Tsujidou match,
The sides are no good!
The first goal is made by Tsujidou!
I didn't know. Really?
but even if you imagined that a throw-in from that position
Don't aim for the opponent's sidelines carelessly.
Take it!
Shit! He's riling me up.
but Seta is one step ahead of him.
Kondou-sensei!
you would have undoubtedly been a regular from your first year.
I see.
Did you wash your face and feel refreshed, Iwaki-kun?
is out for the third year, Akitoshi Lee.
The ball goes to Shindou on the left side.
Keep an eye on number 2, number 3 overlap.
No way, no way, no way.
This first year!
Not wanting to give anything to their opponents,
Heading into the remaining time with a tie,
Kimu takes it in with a dribble.
I won't let them in the area!
What?
Amazing! Kakeru's dribble is lightning fast!
He's not looking at the ball!
And here's a pass!
He passes the ball through the tiny space on the left.
Hey Kakeru, what were
Number 6, Fua, marks Aizawa.
They've put more players on defense.
connects!
Don't think about the point difference.
to harden their defense,
Don't lose, Aizawa!
to attempt to force a throw-in.
when you get the ball, immediately side change to Mako.
Two Tsujido players have gone out to meet the ball.
This is bad!
must be seen as an attempt to waste time.
Kimu's act of running across the field to take the
Kimu!
I thought our one goal lead would be taken right away.
That way of yelling, too.
concentration and determination!
I can't let this end with Junpei blaming himself!
Mako, rebound!
Goal! Makoto Hyodo gets his first goal
A breath taking rebound goal with his whole body!
Tsujido
It could be anyone's game at this point!
Kimu will perform his long throw.
What's going to happen?
Bring it!
Kakeru...
If you're a striker, feel it.
goes to steal the ball!
Don't let your guard down.
We don't know what they're going to try next.
I'm sorry,
so I got mad at something like that.
Wait!
Something I said to you all.
But I don't believe that at all!
Coach...
You look terrible.
Araki-kun can barely walk.
and we were in a pinch from the start.
You're finally awake.
C'mon, Kakeru.
You're really coming along.
After that, I was only half awake.
It couldn't be.
The donors likes and physical abilities
If anything, you should be happy.
Right, Kakeru-kun?
What brought about this change?
Kakeru-kun isn't Suguru-kun.
So fast!
Amazing!
Even if you looked all over Japan...
Your line of sight is right on the ball.
Wait!
Show me:
Kakeru!
In more ways than one.
That's because, well...
You're both representative players.
I went against him myself, so there's no mistake.
This isn't just about money.
Stuck with you like an old habit,
Hey, Gomez.
I think it would be good practice for you.
He says he's counting on you.
At the time, I didn't know Suguru's name
During the U-13 world tournament,
What?
Suguru...
I'm saying I wanted to see these two play against each other.
Next time, we'll finish this, Suguru.
Do you think that was actually
I see.
Okay. Understood.
Adieu!
Debuting in the selection league match,
Next time on Knight in the Area,
at such an important time for you as well. I'm sorry.
Seven!
Thank you.
Here's my phone number.
has taken on the role of substitute coach.
Chi-chan! Your hair looks great!
Do your best, Takeda-san.
I believe that will be the key today.
You could say it depends on how she feels.
Murasaki gets past one league selection player after another.
Mai-chan!
Thanks,
The one who scores more goals is the below top.
This easy pass connects.
Nadeshiko's lead disappears in just five minutes!
and they attacked from the side.
Coach, what do you want from this match?
You're the ones who are playing.
Hey, Tae-chan...
in the below top position at this time?
I pestered the coach for it.
Because I'll stand out more that way.
Mishima and Murasaki
It looks like they're suddenly feeling better, too.
A spectacular goal.
We cannot forget that Ishiki was able to score such a key goal
Of course I'm not okay.
That goal belonged to the three of us no, to everyone.
Nadeshiko Japan has tied up the game.
to run that last play.
Nadeshiko takes the lead!
Stop calling me Murasaki.
Looking at how these players played,
There are so many people.
Does anyone have any ideas?
So that's why I'm like this...
So, how was the match?
Takeda-kun, I'm thinking about leaving the rest to you.
I'm counting on you.
I won't let you down.
Coach Takeda.
I am the king of the announcer's seat,
I'm Momoko Fukushima.
Enoshima High has won up until now,
a free kick is going to be important.
Right forward: Kaoru Matoba.
The defensive midfielders: Captain Sawamura,
for the top 8 is about to begin.
Iwaki-chan said all that to him yesterday.
And there's the kickoff! Enoshima has possession.
on his left: the Enoshima Tower, Takase;
and in the middle: Kudo and Hyodo
I won't let you through!
Don't try to take it. I'll join your mark!
He's past!
On the contrary, the opponent will bring out
He's just outside the penalty area!
He's through! He's in the penalty area.
Ryuichi Araki took the ball past
the man known as the magician on the second line,
I want to play, too.
Another chance for Enoshima.
Go!
who won't lose in a competition of height, is marking him!
Honda intercepts the pass!
What?
Go! Go!
Here comes Oda with his forecheck!
Will we see his long feed?
If he can get past them, this will be an opportunity!
It's cleared to the side!
So close.
into the middle instead of crossing?
That may be true,
Mako-san was double marked by two midfielders,
And also,
doing the job that I need to do!
I could stop Oda's attack.
He continues to penetrate!
But, looking for a pass, Sawamura overlaps on the left side
I'm the conductor who employs the movements
There goes Mako-san!
Kudo...
He can do it. There's a chance!
The Araki I know isn't about dribbling or long passes.
Ryuichi Araki's weapon,
is a direct play!
To Takase?
to Aizawa!
Go, Kakeru!
Damn.
As it is, Enoshima won't score a point.
In the three years I've been here,
Coach Iwaki.
That's right. Like that.
We'll have plenty of chances after this.
Are you all right?
Senpai...
For those of us who don't get to play on the field,
How will they stop a ball with enough power to kill?
During the fateful showdown,
Between Kakeru and Hibino, who will be victorious?
Kakeru!
And the ball is...
Aizawa took Koichi Hibino of Shonan's Cannon Free Kick to the head,
a forward get the ball in front of
Brother!
Kakeru?
He slips past! What an agile feint.
I remember... this feeling.
Crush him.
you're not confident.
Don't look. Feel it.
Yes!
Aizawa completes a beautiful pass to Oda!
He's past.
Go! Go!
I already told you, I'm not letting you play.
the leg of one of his childhood teammates
What?
It hits the cross bar!
You suddenly fixed your dribbling habit.
What?
The technical and fast Matoba is matched
Shoot!
We can't stand to lose against soccer like this.
and the forwards, Takase and Matoba, also go back to their positions.
Oda-san!
Right here, Tsukumo.
It was over in an instant!
We'll cover your tracks.
Yes!
he can't keep up with fast one touch passwork.
jumps into that space and attacks the goal.
instinct is the result of endless practice!
It's good! With four minutes left,
the player and the ball separate
This may be Shonan's last chance in this match.
...you!
Hibino.
You're amazing after all.
Inside my body.
Hibino...
since she joined Nadeshiko Japan.
Wh-What?
Hey, I'll give you this.
Kakeru!
Is that right?
No, nothing at all.
From girls in cute outfits to delicious food
youth league, Suguru Aizawa.
The next morning,
and the dream he had that day.
The younger brother's life is
Starting today we have a new member.
Okay!
Do you have a nickname?
Th-There it is! There's my name!
Right, Seven?
I can't do a one top formation.
What?
Kakeru...
Right!
Auntie, Kakeru's...
Seven...
Sorry...
But he still doesn't know about Suguru-san, right?
You little...
What are you saying, all of a sudden?
and I'm worried I didn't explain myself well.
Nice to meet you, Kakeru Aizawa-kun.
I'm the clinical psychiatrist, Ayaka Mine.
Hey, Kakeru.
that your brother gave you?
Suguru-san's heart...
You're being discharged tomorrow,
Yes.
Are you sure,
I'll hold onto this.
But not as a manager.
Are you running away?
Forget it. Pass the ball.
and most of the female managers who had their eyes on Suguru-san quit.
What about you?
Alive because of a heart transplant from his brother,
The emotions that he finds in his brother's diary
From a tie, Kakeru's Phi Trick won the game spectacularly.
Goal! An unexpected overlap and powerful middle shot
Yusuke.
The second half begins with the score 6-0.
Kamakura is crushing Hakusan.
that the winner is clear.
Yes.
Sounds good.
Was way too into the goldfish game...
Don't give me that.
Sure, when the festival is over!
You should be happy.
You're always last anyway, Nakatsuka-kun. It suits you.
Kakerucchi!
Kota, c'mon.
Idiot.
So you all came, too.
Is that right?
That's right.
Wh-What is something that rare doing here?
Here you go.
Don't get mad, brother!
Kakerucchi, you're hilarious.
Looks fun! Let me play, too.
What?
Thanks.
What about you, Witch?
But still...
Wait.
Seven?
Kakeru?
She went home?
Wait a second, Seven!
I'm definitely playing today.
Shall we go?
Worried about something?
Will that Aizawa guy be starting?
I'm sorry, I...
Excuse me.
I like to do what I can between studying.
What?
but you've got a talent that I'm jealous of.
Yes.
I want to be popular!
I want to have fun!
have fun playing your own soccer.
That's the spirit, Araki-kun.
You all have overcome numerous tough matches to get to this point
Kakeru finally takes the field.
Seven, Asuka-san really is amazing!
the Emperor, Tooru Asuka.
Let's go!
Kake-nii is playing in a place like this.
are heading out to the field.
Below top: Hyodo on the left
I see.
We only just kicked off, but it's so tense.
If you're going to hold onto the ball, I'll come and get it!
Kaoru-kun is open!
Matoba's cross goes over Hino's head...
No!
That was an offsides trap by Yoin.
was orchestrated by Asuka-kun.
We'd better be prepared for some difficulty in scoring a goal.
With unmatched athleticism,
Are you getting excited yet?
I bet you want to stand on the field, Kakeru-kun.
He's good.
Does he have eyes on the back of his head?
Originally, he was scouted as a
It's Asuka!
number 20, Aizawa, will be going in.
and stayed at the front line,
On Araki is number 6, Sendo,
cuts from the left side towards the goal!
Only Emperor Tooru Asuka was paying attention.
I wonder.
As long as I can't get past Asuka-san,
Ryuichi Araki scores!
I thought I had completely lost him,
but I was only just able to send a low accuracy pass.
I'm counting on you.
with anything but defense!
Asuka-san!
There's a powerful backspin on the ball
What a player.
This is bad. They're countering!
Asuka was a distraction.
Amazing. What an amazing team
The whole team creates the opportunity
The two aces, Araki and Asuka, are facing off.
Won't it be up to Kakeru then, Sera?
Damn it. There aren't any gaps.
Okay!
because Yoin changed their strategy.
When Onimaru-kun cuts towards the goal,
but to prevent a fast dribble down the sidelines,
Still,
If you get the ball, pass it to the sides!
but out of nowhere, Nakatsuka is again on Onimaru's back.
of an open sideline shot from in front of the goal,
All right.
He had trouble against Onimaru,
but Sawamura isn't falling for Shiratori's feints.
I won't let you.
I'll stop him here and give it to Araki-san.
No. If he was shooting from the left side
No! This is a long pass to Onimaru on the opposite side.
We did this hundreds of times in practice.
We can't lose!
a defender who could keep up with Onimaru-kun.
Kakeru is the striker that Suguru was searching for.
our soccer will continue.
Nakatsuka will stay on Onimaru.
Yes. I'll definitely do my job as a striker.
You said it.
As long as Asuka-kun is in front of the goal,
we cannot easily get behind the defensive line.
Looking for Araki's pass, Aizawa is heading into the vital area.
Araki, still at midfield, isn't moving.
so the defense isn't used to that sort of sideline high ball.
What?
Asuka hits it,
It's what was used in the inter-high game against
Nice, Asuka.
Huh?
It's Aizawa!
Back when Asuka and I were juniors at Yokohama,
Yes. I was on the bench,
After all, after Suguru went to Kama High school,
It's almost time to go home, you two.
I won't lose. It's my turn next.
I'll protect Kakeru.
Aizawa faces the defense again!
Watch number 8!
It connected!
Put the tying point in the goal, Kakeru!
The keeper is right handed,
Yoin is really strong.
It was over in an instant.
What a painful goal.
under the control of Kanagawa's number one defender,
We'd practice in a mini-game structure
We'd do it over and over again.
Taking a shot, of course.
A good striker will watch
the keeper's movements carefully
Right now, I'm 175 centimeters
Enoshima has no choice but to attack,
The ball is loose.
It wasn't Hyodo's fault.
you need to think about your position.
your judgment style has an all encompassing view.
How can you make space that will lead to a goal opportunity?
that by drawing out his mark,
Asuka suddenly intercepts from Aizawa's blind spot,
Damn it! It's useless!
Kakeru.
It's no good.
Sorry. The plane was delayed.
First half Second half
No chance of winning?
That moment.
Is that so?
the ball from a young age,
To think that kid had that sort of ability.
Araki returns the ball to Aizawa.
Will he send it to the side? No, he's still dribbling.
He shook Asuka, slipped past three defenders,
Yes!
Kakeru, you...
We're still a goal behind. Let's restart quickly.
It's no time to celebrate, right?
It couldn't be.
Right now I'm running on the field with my brother.
First, kill his speed with numbers.
He stopped?
Goal!
All right!
The ace, Araki, scores the second comeback goal and ties the game!
I heard my brother's voice.
He's playing like a completely different person.
In any case, don't let Aizawa or Araki do what they want.
They're running around like they can't feel exhaustion.
Keep possession of the ball.
but there's no doubt that everyone is
Nakatsuka crosses at the last second.
But it isn't in front of the goal.
Wait! Araki is running straight for it.
Kakeru...
I can do it by myself, now.
It's a middle shot!
Kakeru! Kakeru!
All right. Nice, Kaoru-chan.
He says he likes you.
Coach!
I understand that you want to keep practicing,
Just take it easy.
is being taken off the field on a stretcher following an unknown accident.
You don't need to tell me.
Goal!
Goal!
But no one would say that it was Araki-san's fault.
Huh?
If I was a knight...
If I'm the knight in the area my brother talked about,
One week later,
As predicted, the match between
Brazil's prize, Leonardo Silva's leading pack.
straddled the boundary between life and death.
The Kanagawa Inter-high semifinals:
towards their goal of overthrowing Yoin
Kamakura Station
I'm going with everyone else to watch the Tokyo finals.
Huh? Yeah.
Yes. I thought I should go see
but I know that those aren't my abilities.
but, since I played with Suguru, I knew instantly.
Oh yeah! My babies in the stands, are you excited?
Helping me with today's commentary
Here comes Silva.
At Shukyu, we aren't just a regular high school.
the embodiment of Ginga, Leonardo Silva.
Every aspect of Silva's soccer is said to embody this Ginga.
All right. I stole the ball from that Silva.
and then steal the ball to counter.
Teito High Tokyo Shukyu High
I thought they would've scored more in the second half.
Teito managed to hold out.
I can't lose to them.
Yusuke.
is acting as his attentive coach.
We're on the same team, aren't we, Kakerucchi?
Takase!
She got you as well.
Capoeira?
and went and ate as much as you wanted, then came back here?
I'll... I'll...
Let me fix you!
Good work.
What should be a fun vacation,
and decisive match by the sea.
The inter-high competition was over for Enoshima,
Cultivating a good attitude is important, too.
I couldn't agree more.
Inner Tube Parasol Rental
Ko-chan!
If you have any questions about work, ask her.
Sorry, Kakeru.
Shizu-san! Those stripes are cute.
So good, so good!
I can't refuse Shin-chan's requests.
What do you mean, "please do"?!
I'll pretend I didn't see this.
This is surprisingly...
Everyone, let's clean this up.
Hey.
Why would that be?
She's definitely into you.
See you later, Kakerucchi.
Whoa, it's tiny.
Hey.
you can touch the ball as many times as you'd like.
Here!
That's the game. 10-6, Team Hyodo wins.
Shut up.
Could it be... you can't swim?
Let's do our best.
I'm with this guy again?
I'm serious.
Shaved ice! Shaved ice!
Cold and delicious shaved ice.
Strawberry, Melon, Blue Hawaii. Tons of syrup.
Hey, Mako-chan.
Working. What about you?
To the beach?
It's cold! It's sweet! Give us your money!
Cheering for the opposing Team Oda
is making use of his height.
Kurebayashi from Team Oda scores a win with the ladies.
Both sides have started making shaved ice.
Oh, Ryoma-kun.
Oda, you were planning on rejecting her from the start?
at Shirahama Beach in Izu.
The soccer club has been busy making fried noodles
I thought we were early,
but the place is packed for the finals.
Yusuke...
Everyone, I hope you cheer us on!
Today's opponent has two other players
Do you think I've captured the heart
This strange Tomahawk formation,
I don't want you to give up hope,
scoring a goal with the Tomahawk
the lineup to the real fans, right?
but the components are different.
These are the strong ones.
Watch out, Saeki-kun.
What is he thinking going one-on-one
You're not going anywhere!
Karaki and Kato, take care of both sides.
I'll take that!
What?
Against world class foreign students, Kama no,
It was possible because of
this year's Kamakura players, nicknamed Tomahawk.
First, they were drawn out and moved upfield of their position,
From there Shukyu's entire team
toward Kamakura's goal.
Kicking a ball with that precision and spin
between onslaught and defense
Think of them as a real game team and play.
to the below top, me.
While drawing out our opponent,
we move the ball with almost no dribbling.
The Tomahawk, which my brother
dreamed of perfecting with me,
The moment suddenly appeared in the game, like an air pocket.
You think so?
With his incredible balance,
It's back to Silva.
Silva! Silva! Silva!
Yusuke received a pass from a surrounded Takajo-san
If Kamakura...
We still have over two months
until the championship qualifiers.
we won't be able to recognize who we used to be
We start practice again tomorrow.
However, Araki, who's put on weight again,
where the world class genius player, Leonardo Silva, attends,
showed their underlying strength
We're going to crush you!
Nadeshiko Japan claimed a spectacular comeback victory.
Mai-chan?
Your time has really dropped, Araki-kun.
Let's try a little harder.
People don't die that easily.
I'm aware that it's absurd,
you have all unmistakably become stronger.
Yes. In order to leap to the next level,
This was the conclusion that Coach Kondo and I came to.
C'mon, let's go.
Mishima-san will depart 30 seconds after you start,
Like a three-day, two-night hot spring vacation!
and see a group of energetic college tourist girls.
So you're from Enoshima?
That hurt.
Are you all right?
Uh oh.
now I've got to carry these as punishment.
Remember this, you witch girl.
I wonder how they'd react.
after that harsh training,
It's different for you!
Hey, wait!
Really?
What's that about?
Mai-chan.
I'm glad you're here.
so I'm all sticky with sweat.
The clubs have a shower room, so you should use it.
this sounds like a bad idea.
I'm pretty sure I don't... not have one...
Yeah, but...
B-But...
Don't worry. I'm wearing them.
What were you freaking out about?
Did something happen?
You think so?
but that isn't a bad thing in the slightest.
Yeah.
I'm feeling kind of thirsty.
Representative? For what?
recalls his experiences with Suguru,
He came to be known as the treasure of Japanese soccer.
Why can't you stick with it?
The crucial part of a diet starts after you lose the weight!
Don't be so high and mighty.
Cut it out.
already being considered for a position as a U-17 representative.
What do you think you're doing with my ball?
Takajo-san, you're already here?
I haven't seen your face before.
Takajo-san, we're about to start training camp.
but it's still a Japanese representative training camp.
Okay.
His eyes look frigid, but when he smiles, he's like a kid.
That's my line.
Suguru!
Show me some results.
Okay!
Aizawa!
A point scoring, barely reachable pass.
That's for sure.
Well, yeah.
You're pretty good at soccer.
Kakeru Aizawa?
Araki! Ryuichi Araki.
Hey.
I'm Sakurai.
There's quite a large number of you here,
He's not saying that they're going to decide
That's all.
I'm a midfielder?
If I can stop him, then I'll get to stay.
I'll take that.
It's basically an assist in a real game.
Kakeru...
I'm the goal keeper from Yokkaichi Vocational School, Mikiya Toono.
I play as a defender.
Aizawa, right?
You're not a midfielder, are you?
They're practically begging to be peeped at.
Do you really want to miss seeing that?
All right, you two.
Coach Sakurai, who will we be playing against?
Don't underestimate them.
We'll look at this match
as the first phase in narrowing down the team.
That's all.
Now, I'll announce the 20 bench members
Yes.
One more.
so I feel good about this.
How's the U-16 training camp?
of his brother Suguru, who stood at the center of this field,
We're counting on you, striker.
and have been spending
As long as you understand.
Counseling
How'd it go?
Kakeru-kun's heart transplant
Me?
It hasn't been proven scientifically,
but there have been a significant
you found out about the heart transplant.
It's fine. Forget about it.
We were careless, as well.
who's always with him, can do.
Could you just keep it in mind?
Brazil's U-15 ace,
Yeah.
Good thing I'm so thickheaded.
No way...
Did he tell you about them?
Really?
Yes,
Are you done already?
Did it taste bad?
What do you want?
He's making fun of me!
A girl?!
What?
No way!
My brother?
Hey, is Kakeru doing his best?
you secretly practiced in the park.
Neither one of you
Right here, Kakeru.
do his job properly in the penalty area.
I call and I call, but no one responds.
It's the World Cup finals.
I'm sorry to bother you
It's fine,
I received it.
I...
A midfielder the same age as Suguru-san, with a better pass?
He's an interesting guy, right?
The dream of these soccer-loving brothers
He came to be known as the "treasure of Japanese soccer."
His brother, who frantically tried to catch up,
Despite desperate treatment,
realized as Kakeru was unable to produce any results.
He was forced to shoot.
I could've claimed that ball.
Hurry up and get out here, Kakeru.
That's why they were able to put more players on offense
If I don't, the world stage will only get further away.
so they're probably just leaving him alone, don't you think?
It's getting intense.
Warm up.
I'm counting on you, striker.
I'll claim this.
Huh?
But the Phi Trick worked.
Looks like this might be a chance.
He could also send it back to Onimaru-san or Saeki-kun.
I can understand why you wanted to shoot.
His Phi Trick was completely read.
Mistakes are not forgiven.
I knew you'd be there, so I let the ball through.
each of you is paper thin.
And in the end, laugh!
They saw through it right away.
I'll do my best,
the first match or you'll be cut.
Assume that they'll come after your Phi Trick
Fall means the culture festival!
and this is another busy year, with lots of people visiting.
I'm the manager, Nakatsuka.
Please.
It's fine.
Your soul mate is here, right in front of your eyes.
My loss.
Together we're...
Let's go. The customers are calling you.
Um... I'd like to order...
Understood, masters.
I'm not wearing this by choice.
That's Kaoru-kun.
Hibino?
This outfit is inconvenient.
I tried my hardest to stop them,
I'm sorry, but ask someone else.
We'll just have to do it with the two of us.
Where do you think you're going?
We don't have any extras of these.
Whoa, it's a full house.
Oh Juliet, where are you?
You're one to talk!
I forgot.
Mako-chan.
Oda-san.
What will happen next?
Normally, Tybalt is supposed to be killed by Romeo, right?
Curse you, Romeo!
I won't let you go.
I'll go with you.
That's our soccer club for you!
what unfortunate fate.
Romeo!
If you truly love me, then don't use that dagger.
Romeo? Romeo! Romeo!
Everyone, it's time for the folk dance.
episode 33: "New Challenger."
I think the soccer club
it took all we had just to tie.
All our members are excited to see how Enoshima High
Please don't hold back today.
Yes, of course.
Araki-kun will be attending the
but isn't it about time for your rebound?
that has practiced to be completely able
Araki is going on tour.
We don't get this opportunity often.
It makes you want to use it, doesn't it?
I'm spent!
Yes!
All the guys from Kamakura sure are huge.
Now, what'll you do?
Here we go.
Yes!
I'm leaving the rest to you.
but as for me, the Phi Trick's weakness
Not particularly.
You weren't here at the last match.
Thank you very much.
but with your strength, we should win
No matter how strong we are,
aren't we getting a little ahead of ourselves?
and pressured Yoin throughout the match.
All to attack and all to defend.
Well, watch a little more.
Twins?
they quickly pass the ball, so it's difficult to steal.
Don't say it yourself!
They aren't used to passing from a dribble.
the defending Yoin is able
and can't move.
They must be exhausted, as well.
new Total Foot strategy with these two
That's the spirit.
Yes!
but the world is waiting for me.
to victory in the tournament!
Are you all out here to practice, too?
We always have there, don't we?
We've already come this far without noticing.
Hurry, got to make a wish! Make a wish!
Next time on Knight in the Area,
Goal!
and took on the world wearing the blue 10 jersey.
His brother, who frantically tried to catch up,
Despite desperate treatment,
I kept believing it. My dream. Our dream!
at Kamakura University, we realized that the team had improved.
Kakeru! Nana-chan's here!
Good morning!
I'm off!
top three forwards in Kanagawa, Naoki Akimoto-san.
That's Akimoto-san.
Sure, go ahead.
I'm from Soccer Life Monthly.
No way!
so I have to make up for that.
so if he doesn't lose it before the tour,
and we've returned, powered up:
I'm Momoko Fukushima!
The match for a place in the Top 16 is about to begin!
What does that mean?
Opposite side!
Predicting a move to the side, Sawamura marks.
He did it!
Araki's one touch puts it in the penally area.
no one is expecting in this match... did you mean...
Forwards like you and Shukyu's Kazamaki-san,
Start warming up.
Still, I don't want you to have Kakeru play
Kakeru Aizawa!
Go!
and the first win of the tournament.
the inter-high competition.
Enoshima may have to face Sagamigaura.
You can do it, Seven!
but she's not playing badly.
Leave it to me.
We did it!
Araki, why you!
Nana-chan!
What was that "I'll call you" gesture?!
Kakeru, one more time.
This is my personal motivation,
Enoshima is steadily moving ahead and will
at the inter-high tournament.
He came to be known as the "treasure of Japanese soccer."
Kaiouji, to the front of the goal.
with Aizawa's Phi Trick.
Hino, and put in Araki.
His mark is desperately chasing him.
I'll stop Araki.
moves into open space as a pass.
was scored by Hibino-kun's free kick,
How's the Kanagawa Championship going?
Enoshima has finally made it into the quarterfinals,
All right, it's time! Let's go, kiddos.
the one goal that would move us into the quarterfinals,
Araki-san departed for his Asia tour.
Against Shonan, who we only just defeated,
Araki-kun was the mental cornerstone of the team.
that Yoin used to defeat them
When I proposed a practice match...
I'll tell the new coach, Kidokoro-kun, to make sure it happens.
traditional formation of the four rows,
More than anything, I'm an Enoshima Soccer Club fan!
"Even I, Michael Honda!"
Yes.
Kanagawa Championship quarterfinals,
Horikawa and Kaiouji's bumpy combination.
On the right side: Enoshima's speedster, Kaoru Matoba.
Number 3: Tatsumi Fujikawa.
Number 4: Ichiro Tamagawa.
And the ace, number 10: Kazuhide Tendo.
Fukushima just announced the Sagamigaura
Waiting just beyond the defenders is Matoba.
What a fast check by Sagamigaura.
it'll be a straight line to the goal!
their entire defense can be bypassed
Regardless, they set up an offsides trap.
Now a free kick.
But using the same strategy,
Yes!
It's about time you gave up that ball.
was to play in the World Cup together and win.
we were able to experience the
Show them the strategy that will change high school soccer.
I won't let you keep it!
Of course I won't.
won't be able to change over quickly.
Horikawa, take care of the opposite side.
It's mine!
The defensive player, Ri's, super save
Ri-san, nice save.
Tsuguhide Tendo is there to receive it.
Akitoshi Ri, pulls off another super save.
If he hadn't stuck his foot out, the ball would definitely
have gone in.
they would have scored.
We've been saved by Aizawa's instincts again.
that series of plays with direct volleys.
Yes.
In a situation where we are
There's something to new Total Football
Right now!
Takase!
Okay.
Shonan, who did the same thing,
Why is he over there?
He stops it.
Sagamigaura is relentless.
Due to the fast change over,
other than the defenders, Enoshima still isn't back!
You've overcome obstacles that most would
But they kept on playing the soccer they could play
He touches it with his fingertips.
Kakeru.
Really now.
to stop any ball that tries to go through there.
That's why the goal that I couldn't stop with
that he was able to jump and even touch the ball in that situation,
I couldn't stand that.
Oh, that's right.
Huh?
The score is 0-1, Sagamigaura holds a one goal lead
including Tsuguhide Tendo, rest without drawing attention
So in order to fill that hole,
Is that right?
Tsuguhide-san is already moving forward.
he plays a role in the direct plays.
He lays himself on the line
Look carefully.
everyone moves from defense-to-offense,
the strain and stress of Total Foot by rotating left.
If we don't come up with something,
But how will you...
what was said to be the original draft for Total Foot
the knight's spear will pierce the goal!
The older brother is still near the penalty area.
Sagamigaura's defensive players are off balance.
Of course, I've figured it out.
Why you...
From Matoba to Aizawa, then to Takase for a side change.
Takase has no choice but to pass back.
Nakatsuka's long awaited chance on the right side has now
I don't have time to trap it. I'll have to one touch.
and penetrate the unmanned center with a sudden long feed.
You've found the new Total Foot's weakness.
The real game starts now.
Now it's Enoshima's turn!
Wait! It wasn't a pass to Nakatsuka, it was to Oda.
This is it! Everyone attack!
The ones who'll win...
Go!
All right.
That's right, our Total Foot...
If they steal it, it's over.
Over here, Tsuguhide!
Rindo, who's stayed on defense so far, has overlapped!
That's the whistle.
I've dreamed of going to nationals, too.
Kazu, Tsugu, I got to play such a great game
Mishima's killer pass.
The night that Nadeshiko Japan beat Mexico,
crammed into my living room to watch.
He tears through the Korean defense.
but the defensive players are walling him off.
they might really make it into the A representatives:
I kept believing it. My dream. Our dream!
ability between you all and Yoin.
The key to winning is motivation,
My name is Kakeru Aizawa.
I was unable to quit soccer
as long as the life he gave me lasts.
What do you think, Brother?
How do we look, Suguru-san?
We're the tennis club!
I know. It seems like so much fun!
a girl's soccer team, too.
a second year midfielder named Araki-san in the soccer club.
Hmm? You know Araki?
Word in edgewise? Machine gun?
Have a flower.
I've brought along some freshmen hoping to join.
Here is your question:
Run, run, run!
What are you doing here?
Enoshima High School 26th Inaugural Ceremony
Mako-senpai!
Nice header, Kinjiro.
Oh, let me introduce you.
I guess. What's up, Aizawa-kun?
So, we call ourselves FC.
B-Because, if I'm not in the official club,
and to compete in, and win, nationals.
is to play as a national representative
and win the World Cup.
play soccer on that sort of larger scale.
What?
Yes. I failed the SC test,
but I want to play soccer no matter what!
Seven...
I want to try to receive your pass! So...
There's only one goal.
White team kick off!
Here I go!
What?
But your leg muscles are twitching...
Hey, cut it out, Seven.
He's got a troubling weakness.
He's a genius.
What are you saying?
When I first met you,
A guy who says the same thing as you has joined.
Come back, Ryuichi Araki.
I'm home!
but because he believed he could
but then I panicked when I saw them practice.
to their maximum potential.
In comparison,
they'd counter with another point.
Just as Suguru had said.
Huh?
Up until the end of the game,
Let's make it together.
but I know of an even better pass.
Now it just depends on him, don't you think?
the FC resolutely challenges with unrestrained expression.
There is also an official club called SC at this school,
we practice every day until the sun goes down.
While in comparison...
I can see in your eyes that you're trying
Shigeru Wakamura.
Defensive midfielders, Shuji Sakamoto,
Offensive midfielders from the left side,
Finally, the forwards,
The second year, number 10, and cornerstone of the team,
The opposing FC's starting lineup is...
In the second row, Makoto Hyodo,
That's so mean...
Yeah.
Kakeru...
Even without him, our strength,
is on a different level!
Yes! Looking good, everyone!
As if!
FC's Hyodo
Look at that!
Number 2, Kaiouji, clears the ball
Wow! From that distance he was able to predict
Kudo shoots!
...but it's still heading for the goal!
we might be able to come up with a breakthrough solution.
I'm sorry. Because...
Don't worry about it.
There was nothing you could've done.
Let's just take one back!
If I get past Oda-san, I'll be in the penalty area.
I won't let you do as you please!
You can't play with that arm.
the remaining 10 can still play.
I didn't realize the Enoshima High FC
I quit.
Like I said, it was boring over there,
I like you. You're great!
Forwards cannot afford to stand out all the time...
Yakumo, you're subbed for Teshigawara. Get off the field.
He's sent another long pass towards the front of the goal.
has suddenly taken control of the ball!
When the ball rolls into the penalty area,
First year Kakeru Aizawa's bullet shot claims a goal!
All right. Just one more point!
This is my mistake.
Don't worry about it.
Understood.
Thanks to Aizawa's goal, FC has narrowed the gap to one point.
Mako-san!
All right!
This is bad!
We've been had!
I won't let you shoot!
What a player.
Fight! Fight!
Obviously.
It's too soon to be surprised.
we were immediately pushed into a corner.
Coach, if things keep going...
We still have an ace up our sleeve.
Can you play for the last 20 minutes?
He lost weight.
If he was on the bench the whole time,
I'm sorry I made you worry, Mako.
The game will resume with SC's goal kick.
What's wrong, Sawamura-san?
What will the magician, Ryuichi Araki, pull out next?
The magic plays that inspired
One more goal. We can do it, definitely!
As always, you never know what he's going to do.
there's been something lacking in your plays.
Stage?
Okay!
He must have been watching me carefully the whole time,
Don't let him play in the penalty area anymore.
Okay.
I'll take that.
we're finally starting to look like the FC.
FC pulls off a spectacular side change from right to left.
Looks like he understood what I meant.
knight that Suguru said you would be,
The corner kicker is none other than that man,
Coach, could this be...
Why don't we get started?
A killer pass splits the field
It's finally reached 3-3, tie game!
The keeper pulls back in fear of a long shot.
The hotline from the conductor to the striker...
Those two made a huge goal.
Yeah...
They scored in the blink of an eye.
There are 10 minutes left. We will have no regrets!
Kakeru, take the middle.
Playing from a high position, assertively trying to steal the ball
I'm impressed again and again
Will the winning goal be scored by SC or by FC?
and fantastic!
and hopes of his teammates.
what path will Coach Iwaki choose?
with my last ounce of strength,
but Todo blocks it!
The ball stops just barely outside of the line!
Neither team gave an inch.
If you had been playing from the start,
Araki-san?
I'll go get it.
They may still be unrefined,
but scoring through his many magic-like plays,
Physically gifted, making use of his height in offensive plays
and Kota Nakatsuka-kun's overlap were both superb.
putting away two goals, the thoroughbred striker,
Because of the division in disposition
Enoshima High School
A new team is born.
Enoshima High School's Soccer Club is born.
One cannot move just as they are told,
It's amazing how it all turned out.
You must be happy, too, Brother.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yes?
That was great.
Soccer really is fun.
Who cares about that stuff?
I'm home!
Welcome back.
I, Teppei Iwaki, will be taking on the position
Hey! Cut it out!
Cut the crap, all of you!
Th-That's not true. I've got energy!
So what then? Don't you like soccer?
it's the same as quitting.
but there are people who keep walking even if they're in doubt.
Looks like you're at it, guys!
Araki-san!
No! Don't look!
So?
Die!
The inter-high league matches are starting soon,
but, for now, let's resume practice.
I feel as though the team is actually pulling together more.
That's not it.
The problem is...
What?
Right.
I see!
Thank you, but I'll be fine.
in practice now and then, too.
Kakeru faces endless temptation and fear
What do they mean by "confrontational"?
I'll hate you.
Yes.
What if there's an awkward silence,
What's this?
Are you even listening to me?
I-It isn't too bad.
What's that?
Did you get it off?
All right!
I'm here, too!
I guess you're busy...
Perry.
Manchu Han Imperial Feast Quarter note Hideyoshi Toyotomi 3 Photosynthesis Perry
I am glad I could be of use.
Watanuki, you're so petty!
Shut up!
Sorry, but I don't get into stupid, petty com
Then who's going to be my partner?
Uh... Well, I guess I'll do it!
When rabbits get lonely,
Wait. I'll play.
Oh, Sou... Sou... Sou... Sou!
Huh?
She's good!
Seriously?
Sorinozuka, you're quite normal.
He likes the athletic festival, the culture festival,
A d-date?
Karuta!
What does Nobara Yukinokouji's favorite word...
Maniac!
to this!
to this!
Please don't create a category for me.
I don't care about men!
Cat Person
If I had to pick one,
Enough, already!
The end!
But we don't have a clear winner!
She means to relax, relax!
Don't Talk
So, how long are we not supposed to speak?
Assignment One Draw the Shape of Tokyo
Or the flyers in the hall?
Don't tell me...
Enoshima Soccer Club has finally started to move
But in any case, everyone got through it and is ready to go.
I worried about various things,
I won't let your death have been in vain!
For gym!
You're too amazing!
Oh, man.
Ow.
Seven, why didn't you tell me?
Hey, you know...
Who's Mina?
The ball goes to Nana Mishima.
There was nothing Nadeshiko Japan could've done.
be too much pressure for Mishima-san?
Mina Meier cuts into the area once again
That was a remarkable judgment.
Tae-san.
Roulette?
Tie game!
A feint that's only possible with a girl's lighter build.
Both teams never gave up an inch.
They pushed forward and then defended.
had every person in the audience electrified
Still a far cry from major league soccer, but quite a few amazing
I guarantee it.
She looked this way!
Eventually I earned recognition,
but this time the expectation became stressful.
It's really okay.
I'm going to continue as the manager for the club.
Can Kakeru's frantic preservation efforts
What should we do, Seven?!
How do you like this building?
Your stinking perfume makes me sick!
He was the nicest guy l ever knew.
His outraged fans are rushing to the location.
Which one?
The stink from the corpses makes my eyes water all the time.
Did you think about what l asked you?
We've got to be fair to each other.
You suck!
You're so slow!
You look good in that uniform.
You...
So...
Do you have a family?
Sure.
He's...
They'll be here in a few minutes.
What?
A woman?
You killed the client.
lt's not my fault.
Then do it yourself!
lt's good!
You knew that, right?
This guy's a prosecutor for the DA's office.
He was bribed to ignore the illegal activities of a big corporation.
Be careful.
Who the hell are you?
Don't even try it!
l'm going to disappear from your sight.
You promised to do two more jobs, didn't you?
Hobby?
l don't appreciate doing this kind of stuff first thing in the morning.
Did you notice?
lt was a really sexy girl.
Oburi, l didn't think you had the balls to kill Kanie.
Right?
Do you know how long l've waited for this moment?
l'm gonna win today!
Go get everybody!
Who do you think you are?
It must have been a very special gun...
Seems shocked to death.
He has seven TV shows a week.
I'm not in the mood today.
That's not like you...
I really don't need anyone else to cause me trouble...
You did it?
The reward for each adult is the same as always.
Mr. Akai...
...you have to take care of three more jobs.
Isn't that right?
Give it to me!
You got my jacket dirty.
He's pretty good.
Tastes good.
Want some?
What?
Are you mad?
Is Oburi your real name?
Do you have a family?
I'll tell you.
Those earrings must be special to you.
Where is it?
He's been kidnapping young girls, raping them...
How long have you been here?
...I think you had enough fun now.
What will we be doing ten years from now?
What kind of question is that?
Promise to come back here.
He doesn't look like a government suit type.
Sorry, Mr. Akai.
Who the hell was that prosecutor?
What do I have to do with that?
If you follow me, I'll kill you.
Get away!
Sawa...
Sawa...
Oburi, I won't kill you.
Understood?!
Why don't you stay tonight?
What's wrong?
Oburi...
What's going on, Sawa?
Wait just a little longer...
Pretty soon...
It's all right.
You'll be able to get back your pain.
Huh?
By Yoshizawa-kun and Kamaishi-kun from the next class over.
Whatever. I'm going.
Did you bring what we asked?
Hold on.
Yes, I feel like it.
Well, then why don't you go back to the convenience store
It doesn't hurt when they hit me.
Huh? What are you acting all tough for?
Katsu, Katsu!
Huh?
I'm Sonozaki.
I do believe I'm in the same class as you, Katsuhira-kun.
Hey, it's Yuta-kun.
That's right. i wanna keep this
Wanna go to karaoke?
How about you, Maki-san?
Thanks, but no thanks.
They're not ones to care about warnings.
Just tell Agata to run away.
Not like he's got a chance taking them on anyway.
What exactly... is all this? her answer doesn't fit the question, though both translations are basically correct as far as i can tell; i hoped to make this line sound neutral enough for it to go both ways
I feel like rather than naming sins, you were just bad-mouthing them...
The fifth Deadly Sin...
U-Um...
Huh?
You all now share the strongest of bonds, and have been bound by wounds.
How much do all of you know about our hometown of Sugomori City?
Tenga-kun, why do you think that is?
The Sixth Deadly Sin: The Musclehead Thug. I hate you cr, I hate you so much
from the park, bathroom, karaoke box, commuter route, and school grounds. this is kinda weird
I'm going home.
Do what you want!
but something you said caught my attention.
I... can't find myself within me either. A
Magnificent.
My brain's totally fried.
Yeah! He's the fairy of sleep. I'm just making these all male because fuck it
What was that?
everyone for one person's sake."
Yes,
Are we having a canned food party?
I guess the Kizna you shared with Sonozaki-san never disappeared.
All that's left for you is walk the treacherous road of death toward your entrance exams.
Huh? You don't need to apologize over something like
Are you sure this is fine?
Mayor, I knew you would be coming here.
This is the perfect opportunity.
AhIt's nothing.
You guys!
About Nori-chan, about Nori-chan and me...
And then, the experiment started.
and transfers it into the people they are bonded with.
It transfers... sensations?
That's why, in the experiment twelve years ago, we bonded as many children as possible.
It's Nori-chan.
The other kids were just living their lives.
Nori-chan's survival has depended on the regular administration of medication that nullifies all of her senses.
We released the children who were able to preserve at least a modicum of their senses...
Just leave them be.
We need to call each other over every little thing to confirm our feelings. way to lose vital information, cr
They were always together.
Can you get home?
And yet, whenever the bullies ganged up on me,singular can't gang up
is that how I've always looked?
And then...
I finally figured out that you were trying to protect me from having those kinds of feelings.
If you apologize to me like that...
Nori-chan.
You must have wanted me to help you, right?
You are wrong.
Sure, go ahead.
Whenever things were tough or I was scared, this all goes back to what he says to yuta
I have that weird feeling in my chest again...
The Kizna System...
That was your own pain.
Katsuhira-kun, you were able to find it...
But I... found Nori-chan too. this is... like the one time it's okay
That doesn't hurt!
Hey! Get a hold of Yamada and the rest!
If the Kizna System spread throughout the world...
Yo, Tenga.
Huh?
Tenga-kun...
What are you laughi
and the joy of understanding each other from the bottom of her heart.
Share... the wounds?
Actually,
Looks like the backup power's up and running.
Do we even have any reason to do that?
I thought I'd finally be able to cut ties with all of you.
I-I'm not empathizing!
Listen.
But Kacchon thought really hard about things, and now he's trying to act of his own accord.
Chidori...
Well, you had the most issues with the word "friend" out of any of us.
It is, after all, a garden of peace and bliss.
Agata...
Nori-chan!
It's because you were friends!
It's so, so, so much better than just sugar or salt!
Honoka...
If you don't know that for yourself,
We will not leave you!
I love... everyone...
and everything's back to normal.
I figured it'd put some weight on you.
Then I won't have to worry about pests flocking to you.
Wait!
Um...
You don't know?! But that's a problem for me!
Hey! I'm being serious!
They had forgotten their pain for over ten years,
I know. I'm sure we will remain in a pure relationship for a while.
Very good.
from today, you are now
Hey, what a coincidence! We're all in Class 2-A.
Does this mean Agata was just hurt?
"Intended to"? why's maki sonozaki's parrot anyway
What is the word that best describes you?
Huh?
I thought it would be more entertaining with some obstacles present.
Stay away from me!
But, as it turns out, he's actually terrified of dogs.
Being scared of dogs isn't a big deal.
They were already here for a different purpose.
Your wound-bound friends are waiting for you. hf with this
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What should we do?!
N-No...
Now everyone's going to hyper-diss me about being fake.
I wouldn't say you're fake.
To think that my true self would be called eccentric!
Oh, what a beautiful world!
Maki, Maki, Maki...
Oh, hey guys. It's been a bit.
Chidori... Everyone...
Okay, here I go.
I'm indifferent when it comes to connecting with others.
in what other people think, to be honest.
You've changed, Kacchon!
You were kind to animals!
I loved you!
I'm happy about being able to feel happy, I think.
Mission...
But Honoka-chan's secret hasn't been...
make something of it by looking from a different angle... right?
Why did you take that seriously?
Right, that! Totally forgot to ask that in the first place!
Apparently my dad made a few modifications.
Uh... huh?
Childhood friends living door to door!
Geez... think about the situation we're all in a bit more, okay? my preference!
I knew you wouldn't do anything about that.
Damn it, who the hell was it?
When I said I loved you, it was past tense, okay?
I know. If you want, I can pretend I never heard it.
It was at our hospital too!
That sound!
A wound?
Huh? I was just complimenting you.
In any case, we've screened most of the people in our class by now.
He's kinda bruised and battered all the time.
There are other possibilities.
So that's Hisomu Yoshiharu...
Where did he go?
What were you just about to do to this poor girl, young man?
You've got the wrong idea!
It hurts Tenga-kun as much as it hurts me.
You've been brainwashed!
There's that, but...
You only have Baum Rolls?
The "pain" you refer to is physical rather than psychological, right?
I'm not into that kind of thing.
Now that I've discovered the allure of that, I simply can't go back.
Yeah. I doubt we can just wait it out till the end of summer.
Who are you calling friends?
We just chatted back at the house, and we went to a store together!
What's your impression? there's not enough time to do what I want, so whatever
Oh, I mean...
The feeling of being alive?
It's because she wants to survey everything we do!
What? Speak up.
Oh, I was just wondering
Right?
Come to think of it, we didn't know each others' contact information.
Whahey! Hold it! silent fix
It doesn't matter anymore.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Who the hell needs that kind of rehearsal?
Hey, it's really good.
We're leaving at eight tomorrow morning. fucking bitching stop removing information fuck
The meeting location will be in front of the main school gate.
We're not done talking!
Eat! Eat till you drop!
You! You used to be a fatty, right?
Kacchon?
Then that would also include you, wouldn't it, Sonozaki-san?
The hell?! Hey, where's the dough?
Got none left. Just leave it.
School counselors starting to patrol and handing out warnings outside of school now?
Huh?
Shouldn't your family be worried about you by now?
Here.
You didn't even hesitate.
Good morning.
That totally ended with "n"! You lose!
Yes, I do.
kanaami
Is there a rule against that?
The Kizna Committee, which I am a member of, we're turning this into Kizna too, right?
My dad was pretty mad about that.
Again, it's to share pain to find true
You shut up!
One, two! One, two!
Why does this place have to be inaccessible by car? mmm.... I mean they saw the sign.
Do you really think that's the only reason?
Are you sure you're not still in love with Katsuhira
What was that all of a sudden?
You're like an open book.
S-Stop messing with me!
Actually...
Go go for stepping in deer poop and having pillow fights!
and Tenga-kun.
Nobody likes annoying girls heavy with emotional baggage. what's he doing to that potater; also, consider turning this into "... girls weighing them down." or something to make it in line with the penultimate scene
WhaY-You were way too loud!
Guys will think twice before they start anything with you, since they can't just lean back and have fun.
Yup.
Goodbye.
Why is it just us, then?!
It's fine if you happen to kill him in the process of surprising him.
So tasty!
Huh?
Huh?
You're not gonna eat?
What can you eat, then?
No, I'll make due with these.
I declined you the other day. I no longer have any intention of
What is it?as in, what do you want?
Go on.
putting so much effort into peeling all of those vegetables you can't even eat. this is literally what professional chefs do. just saying.
What would you do if it had a growth that looked like a face on it? pretty gross
you've already decided what I'm like.
Normal?
His Kizna Committee membership number is 394.
Come on, it's already begun.
Why, you...
A graveyard?!
A torpedo lariat straight into a gravestone!
But we still
You guys have it easy!
U-Um...
Why am I the only one suffering so much?
Yeah. It's a weird feeling that's making me want to cry.
And yet, we endured it... Both Kacchon and I.
All of the money that I gave you and Yoshizawa-kun up until now.
Kacchon...
I twisted my ankle when I was trying to run from Kamaishi-kun.
Hey, Yoshizawa!
Oh yes, even though I can't eat pickles, I'm fine with people who have a bit of snap to them.
I'm pretty sure that won't change the taste.
Sonozaki! What the hell's up with you people, having Takashiro assaulted?!
It doesn't have an edge like physical pain.
Besides, they're probably soggy by now.
Is what I said before still bothering you?
Huh? My stomach's churning...
You say we've got her back, but once our funds run dry, we're outta ammo.
The Forgetful Faker.
"The Promise From Heaven"!
Yuta? What's wrong?
Sorry, I just remembered someplace I need to be.
It has nothing to do with me anymore.
Look at this.
Please! I'm begging you!
I won't ask you to show your face!
Since we're just a small publishing company,
My editing career is on the line here too, with this movi
I found you because I got that churning feeling in my stomach.
Because your heart was hurting.
and out of agony over her unattainable love, she starts going out with a boy she's known since childhood.
She even said it during our first mission.
It wasn't a joke?!
I hate being kept on a short leash by Sonozaki,
Come on!
Come on, start rolling.
when your heart hurts.
Yeah.
Saibaman?!
Quiet!
I see...
Enough!
Get out of here!
Get out! Get out!
If we do this together, we can cover for each other's weaknesses.
If we're together, we can reach even greater heights!
I don't want to... draw pervy things...
You've never done them.
I'm fine with these things staying in my imagination and never turning real.
Hey, what should we do with the last chapter?
I can't do this with you anymore.
So I need to think of what it says.
I know...
Huh?
It's obvious we can't understand a thing.
You've definitely got a point.
Oh, yeah? THIS IS A JOKE. WARNING. THIS IS A JOKE.
All right! I'm hopping into the tub.
Huh? Am I acting weird?
How do you know where I live?
Please be our friend!
Her heart was moved, after all.
Huh?
Hey, Honoka-chan.
Why did you tell a lie like that?
I met Ruru,
so much more when I lost her.
I stopped it before it reached that point.
Well, I'm not sure about those...
This is no time for sparklers! This calls for skyrockets!
Sorry. I can't swim.
Geh! It's even stuck in here!
Looks like you have your answer.
Katsuhira,
Hey, what should our pen name be?
Oh, acting like you can see the future? Good job!
The change in air pressure will soon have the parasympathetic nervous system take over.
The color of longing...
Actually, I haven't taken that many myself, but...
why on a day like this?
Everyone actually showed up when Nico-san invited us on a whim.
Sugomori City was established as an experimental city for Kiznaivers
At first, most of the inhabitants were researchers involved with the Kizna Experiment,
but since we couldn't make details of the experiment public,
But you implied that didn't go as expected.
Isn't that a noble undertaking?
Considering what's happened up until now, I doubt we'll be able to wait in peace.
My legs are dripping wet.
I believe that Niiyama Nico has feelings for Tenga Hajime. yo that's not even right now, is it
What? Talk about weird taste.
If Katsuhira-kun has been able to get back his pain,
Chidori, this way!
Well?
something no something, huh
What's the problem?
Hisomu's right. I'm the only one who came here with lighthearted feelings.
I think they're done chasing us...
U-Um... There's something that I've been wanting to tell you for a while now...
Kacchon!
A-Are you okay? Nori-cha
Do I exist inside of you? just flow, not meaning
Nori-chan...
How can you tell it's Chidori?
Hey, what're you doing here on your own? Where's Katsuhira?
I couldn't help it, it was two against one.
K-Kacchon?!
Altogether, it might be about an hour.
But there's something like a scene from my memories that I sometimes see before my eyes. sorry for ruining this beautiful line
Could it be that you and I, too, are bound by our wounds?
Let's get to the gym!
So Tenga-kun really...
So you don't have to do anything! Just sit on your hands and wait!
Face... my pain... WOW SUDDENLY IT FUCKING MAKES SENSE AND SOUNDS GOOD
Somehow, we ended up playing with people's emotions as if they were toys.
It was like everyone from top to bottom fell into a trance.
Don't you remember?
I want to go home...
Mommy, help me...
Yes.
Asuka, Shiori, Pon-chan, Tonko...
So do you, Nori-chan.
Chidori!
Chidori...
Tell us everything! Now!
Stop it! You can't use force on a girl!
N-No!
It's the same.
But then Tenga-kun found out about my feeling in such a pathetic way...
It's Chidori's voice!
Is that... the voice of her heart? murder everyone involved
That's what Nori-chan wants too.
So what if I love Chidori?! ravu
Nico...
Everyone's...
Huh? How'd you know that?!
I didn't see anything.
A pair of tight shorts could serve as a firewall, don't you think?
If you'd excuse me.
a "ra" or two for good measure,
Wait, you've got friends?!
But you're so famous that even a loner like me knows about you.
Stop that.
yet she has no shadow.
It wouldn't be worth the trouble otherwise.
It's weird you've got no friends when you're so fun to talk to.
No.
What the hell?
you shall help me.
Ambulance?
No! No! I don't wanna die!
She's a monster!
Don't give up, you moron!
How long are you gonna sleep?!
Like 4.6 billion years.
That's enough to create Earth all over again!
Fool!
I turned into a vampire, right?
Know your place when you address me.
That is all.
I was prepared for that question.
But I can't fight at all.
I was at a disadvantage because they came at me at once.
Did something nice happen to you?
Thanks for saving me.
You got saved on your own,
To that old abandoned cram school.
That's so mean.
but I doubt you'd be on our side either.
Introduce yourself.
That's good.
I listened to your little chat earlier.
Also, Heart-under-blade,
Should I mediate for you?
Hm...
If asking doesn't work, more dangerous ideas get involved.
You said dealing with them one by one shouldn't be an issue.
We should make that happen then.
Preview
Wait up!
That's too bad. I don't know much Spanish.
So why don't we focus on something more constructive...
Why?
but I didn't ask for your damn sympathy!
So...
I'll be able to retrieve Kiss-shot's right leg.
Dramaturgy!?
I thought I could use my extensive battle experience
But, wait
Hey, Araragi,
I'm pretty sure I told you not to.
I'm sorry I made you say those things.
I feel bad. But,
now I understand that you were forced into a position
Don't try to read so far into it.
Well, how about this:
Huh?
It's not like you can just swap them out.
Hmm? What is it?
Oshino,
Don't you feel sorry for her?
To be talking about the one who saved your life like that,
Bleah!
shouldn't a vampire have had to appear before you, the person who told me about them in the first place?
Sidelining the rumour talk for now, Hanekawa, yesterday
There's probably not much that I can do for you.
Uh?
This is pretty much me doing my best though.
He was grasping it so firmly as if it were very important,
Despises?
I can't believe old man Dramaturgy got his ass kicked by a brat like you.
Then what about you?
I don't want to say anything.
Araragi!
If you'd only told me...
Two million?
Try using your head a little, Araragi.
Hanekawa.
It is safe to say that I have reclaimed most of my immortality.
If the opponent was Dramaturgy, perhaps I could put up a fight,
for all that he's still human.
It is fact that my two arms were plundered by that man.
I see.
These ones have tomato in them.
I'm not sure.
In what way?
My own.
And in the end it nearly got you killed!
These panties have forever been separated from thy flesh!
You don't get to decide that!
I have to go home now,
shouldn't be so difficult!
Well, I wish the best of luck!
your make-believe high school camaraderie.
a monster.
My fault...
Thou art to perish, servant of mine!
If I win,
I have lived for 500 years, but,
And a vampire for a vampire.
No good. I'm not going to show you today!
Well then, see you later. It's like that, so...
only what I know.
Whoever studied what doesn't really matter, does it.
You said a great thing, Araragi-kun!
Why?
B-, Araragi-kun,
This is good.
there aren't many of those.
why are you following me around?
If so, I want to be helpful to you!
Your body!
Is this good enough?
It's different in size to your current leg.
I do it like this.
No, is there no possibility that was a lie?
What is?
They say if you spread rumours about them, these apparitions will be attracted from the other side.
It's just that it increases the chances of it happening.
You, Araragi-kun.
I'm sure you can, definitely.
You're an M size, right?
I prepared both briefs and trunks for pants.
What's the matter?
I'll change.
Uh?
Guu.
Touching it, the feel...
You helped me out, Hanekawa-chan.
This is about the best I can do now though.
So you had your run-in with the vampire on the way back from the bookstore?
So, he hates his vampire blood.
For the old man Doramatsurugi to be exterminated in his extermination by a kid like you.
I hate bullying of the weak,
Mist, that's essentially water.
OOshi..
If that's the case, say so from the start!
Does that mean I can put you in charge of the next battle?
don't yet seem usable.
If the opponent was Doramatsurugi, I might be able to fight,
Indeed.
regardless, he's still human, right?
Even if you call it a wound, there's no wound left.
Really?
I wonder.
I feel like I'm ok even if I don't eat.
For example, if we were in reversed positions,
But you do it like it's normal!
The new term, at that school,
Always using that trick to woo girls?
What?
These will be treated as an Araragi family heirloom and be passed down through all my descendants to come.
I can't return your pants, but
You...!
it's all right.
no longer human.
you will tell me Heart-Under-Blade's location.
but I've never heard of a human like that.
a tooth for a tooth..."
This is a huge misunderstanding!
Hanekawa,
Taking a stroll?
Spanish?
That's not good.
You didn't memorize the right definition.
Mmy family isn't that rich!
Got it.
What are you doing, Dramaturgy?!
I cannot hunt you.
I'm not sure because I was far away,
Stop acting like you're my friend.
I simply got bored of you.
Your body!!
Don't you think so?
So, Kiss-Shot's limbs should've vanished as well.
Why is that?
but also her vampiric existence itself.
Hey.
You shouldn't say things like that.
Even if it's just bringing things like living supplies,
Hanekawa, you've touched
Yeah, my bad.
DoDon't worry about it!
We shouldn't just leave things lying around!
So, what's this?
can't you give me more details?
I remembered.
half-vampires are not an entity accepted in the vampire world.
I'm laughing for real!
What about Hanekawa?!
Hanekawa was...
No matter what tricks he uses, isn't he no match for a vampire?
Really?
Hey Araragi-kun, want a sandwich?
This one has tomatoes.
As for me, a Diet Coke.
My emotions were too strong to be suppressed.
Me.
is being wasted on me.
For example, if we were to switch places,
It's not self-sacrifice.
I only do what I want to do!
if my presence only makes things harder for you,
What's that sound?
So deeply that you'd have struck water or oil?
These panties have parted with your body for eternity!
and I have to walk all the way home!
I don't have superpowers like you lot.
you shall raise both hands and say "I surrender."
Araragi-kun,
There's no way I could ever do that!
Hank.
At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country?
Whatcha reading there, Araragi?
Wait up!
so we should share a little Brie.
I don't like cheese.
Ja, Araragi-kun,
Maths, you say?
You mean Spanish?
What a crying shame that is.
You don't say good things, Araragi-kun!
Even if I do think it's just a silly rumour,
I'm sorry! I think I must have touched your ki ni?
Like an errant booger.
Weren't we having a friendly chat up until just saki?
You got taken for a fooly.
whoops we done fucked up the encode
humans will be better off.
The Black Knight always triumphs!
and build solid customer relationships and loyalty.
But, wait
Well, for now,
Ne, Ararags.
Even if it aint suku, achiga hen is still my favoruite tanoshii.
Understood.
Well?
Just gotta suru kou, ja.
Crunchyroll seized the memes of production.
To be able to talk about those who saved anime like that,
If that were the case,
Hoping to find UTW were you?
So, umm...
Ah, yeah...
wait a chotto
time me
I wanna scatter it as much as I want.
No! a will have a field day!
So you had your run-in with a fansubber on the way back from the bookstore?
The night we met in IRC?
Well, I can kind of understand the mediocrity that suggests,
I have forgotten.
Books do make ya laugh!
Well of course you are! You're a monster.
Arararagi...
It's noisy.
I'll throw in Your Beats!
forbidden jutsus.
The demon of it is it's just harder for fansubbing to die now.
Is it safe to to call them fansubbers?
They're just a fansubber group. Pure and simple, through and through.
Indeed.
No matter what tricks they pulls, surely they're no match for the might of 4chan.
How's your gut wound, Hank?
For me, a Diet Cola, same great taste but Zero sugar!
Holy shit why is there a fire down there.
Hank.
I mean it differently than before.
Fansubbing was dead by the time it came out.
But now we're stuck with Sentai shit!
I'm not confident I could do what you've done.
It's...
How can they be that dumb?
I don't mean it like that!
But it's spread throughout the weeb hivemind.
But if it means I have to sit through all this liberal TL nonsense if I want a fansub,
Err...
I will definitely make some dank new ones.
on this low security
Compared to that, beating Commie in your final duel
shouldn't be so difficult!
Araragi,
forsake your humanity.
I'm sorry, Arararararararararararagi...
I may not have the good will of the community on my side,
And what exactly should I do
In other words, surrender to the Cartel.
Yer...
It's just like the Coke label said. If you knew the real me, you'd be disillusioned.
Go cray-cray with Shin, shoe-man!
Well, at any rate, now you've retrieved all of the limbs.
However the means,
If I achieved so much as her kin,
The conversation flows much more smoothly this way.
Me.
So that means,
meant to have to take back her heart from me after all that.
in a case to such an extent.
do be careful as to avoid any rash decisions.
let's call it even.
I'm not pulling a fast one.
I was just wondering.
I care not. Not at all.
I shall overlook it.
'Tis understandable.
I suppose the way I phrased it was not quite right.
I did not have any one thing I wanted to converse about,
My life has been one of fighting to the death with people such as those three.
is thine ethnicity.
He has long since perished.
Who are you calling worthless!?
I stared at him blazing under the sun,
as I was forced to watch his death.
to willingly offer his neck to a vampire.
are you prepared?
Well,
this is my last night as a vampire.
Anything shall suffice.
she really is going away somewhere.
we'll have ourselves a farewell party.
a human being.
dear servant,
torn to shreds,
It's my fault becaused I saved her.
I can't stand the thought of it.
I've been tricked into coming to the gymnasium storage room and now we're trapped!
No, I mean, Hanekawa,
You just can't go and die!
have led to this miserable result.
from Heart-Under-Blade's point of view,
It's the same to her as
The one at fault here is me.
thought, even once, that
becoming human again?
I mean,
You're just running away,
I want to take responsibility.
is the least I can do to atone for my sins.
Sooner or later I'll only be able to view you as something to be eaten.
If you're that devoted to just anyone, you wouldn't have nearly enough lives to give.
you can't die.
and she'll continuing eating people without batting an eyelash.
In fact,
It'll be fine.
Your bre
I heard you.
Well, no.
I can kind of imagine what her 27 year old form is like.
Bust?
Araragi.
Please be so kind as to fondle my bra-less breasts!
to have my breasts fondled by you, Araragi.
I'm a chicken! I'm a disappointment! I'm sorry!
Then how about, we pick this up in the new semester?
Servant of mine, whilst the sun was shining between us, I managed to grasp the intent behind your feelings.
That's reason enough for me.
But I never even imagined that people would die because of it.
you have no interest in me any longer.
Come now. Draw closer, servant.
And so what of it!?
Even for you,
Araragi, something isn't right!
I think we've been overlooking something very important this entire time.
Don't you dare say anything unnecessary, you mobile snack.
What are you basing that on?
Good grief. You really took some unwarranted action, mobile snack.
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. DO IT!
I finally understand everything you were trying to tell me!
I'm not looking for any explanations anymore, so get out here already!
It's nice to meet you. I'm Hanekawa.
your choice of self-sacrifice
However, you would be very close to human.
The only source of nourishment left to Heart-Under-Blade,
Please kill me and regain your humanity.
That's the sum of it.
If you ever feel like killing me, you can do so whenever you like.
What you remember of a vampire eating someone,
if I had to make a comparison, is like the disillusionment of watching a cute cat devour a live mouse.
I've been thinking, y'know,
Araragi.
And your name, Koyomi, literally means calendar.
Hanekawa Tsubasa.
I didn't mean it like that.
But you're so famous that even a loner like me knows about you.
I don't think I'm following.
Why?
What would I do in a library?
Do you have a cell phone?
Are...
Can't you get a transfusion or something?
Why?
Was it a dream?
That's enough to create Earth all over again!
Not that I need to.
my servant.
Where are we?
I believe it was called a cram school.
It went bankrupt a few years ago and is abandoned now.
Next question, Kiss-shot.
Oh well.
So?
What is your next question?
Sorry for not being more "mature"!
I could at least regenerate the form, if not the power to fill it.
Know your place when you address me.
I did not intend to.
Your blood alone only allows me to regenerate so much.
I can guarantee that.
"You shall" as if it was that simple.
What now?
You got saved on your own,
Don't worry.
So?
Why did you help Kiss-shot and me?
but I doubt you'd be on our side either.
I'm maintaining the balance.
Consider that my job.
You said you would.
Let me rephrase that.
I'm not a fan of it.
She's a rare kind of vampire who can drain energy from oddities.
That makes her pretty famous actually.
It is extremely simple.
You pay when you can, and I won't bother you about it.
But...
Boy, how do you plan to negotiate with them in the first place?
If you regain your limbs, you also regain your full power,
I have no idea how heavy a debt of 2 million is.
I don't have that much saved,
but if I get to pay when I can and you don't press me about it,
Well then, let us begin.
Agreeable?
you shall tell me the whereabouts of Heart-Under-Blade.
I haven't the faintest idea.
That's right. I was engrossed solely by the inner lining of your skirt.
That's pretty perverted in its own special way.
What's the matter? Is it the kind of book you can't show others?
Well then, that's that. See you later.
isn't it about time you went home?
Well, I was planning on going home soon anyway.
I'm sorry! Did what I say strike a nerve?
I'm fed up with you.
Don't address me so anachronistically.
You're an exception which proves the rule.
At the very least, please spare my life.
I feel bad. But,
Different thirst! I meant I was as horny as a bull!
Come on now.
Why were you doing something like that?
I was stifled by life.
More importantly, shouldn't you get changed? Those clothes are in tatters.
You're right.
When I saw you from behind yesterday, I got the strangest feeling that it wasn't you.
You're more slender, but more so you seem more toned.
SSure.
It's fine.
From the bottom of my heart:
What's this?
I have forgotten.
Doesn't half mean he's 50 vampire himself?
half-vampires are not readily accepted by vampiric society.
but I sure do love beating up bad guys!
Your opponent is turning into mist!
Would you keep it down?
Pull yourself together. He's only mist.
That's enough!
If you'd only told me...
If you want me to help with the Class Prez's situation, you'll have to cough up another two million.
That so?
All it really means is that it is much harder for me to die than it was until now.
Indeed.
Indeed.
Rightly so.
Back to the topic,
It may have been a wound, but it didn't even leave a scar.
I see.
No, I'm fine.
but, to be honest, part of it was me not being able to control my own emotions.
But why would you go so far just for me?
Araragi!
But if it's difficult for you to do what you have to do because I'm around,
I almost fell for you.
Trying to deflect the question, eh?
But if you don't want them...
If there's ever a time you need someone,
A-Araragi...
Of course I do.
I'm kind of in a frog place myself.
Well, truth be told, I was kind of hoping for that to happen.
If they replied to me on their Ask.fm, it'd be kind of
Go cry on a.
That all you got before the might of funi?
You're the exception which proves the rule, Amazon.
However,
Ne, Ararags.
Zura janai, osekkai da.
Look, my bad okay?
I mean they were, but they had some nice memes.
I'm sorry it took so long for "kizu" to show up!
He's not even best second year.
but rather the very existence of anime itself.
Oshino,
Aussie Aussie, come on now. What's with that face?
Why do something like that?
I suppose I was just trying to escape reality for a while.
But more importantly, aren't you gonna do some typesetting? That release looks pretty torn up.
You'll be great.
When I was checking out your behind it was like, woah, way better than usual.
That wasn't proper of me.
memes are bad.
You're the class rep. It was a factory from before.
So you had your run-in with a fansubber on the way back from the bookstore?
Well, to put it bluntly,
That said, they are not accepted in the world of humans either.
He's a great paulownia tree.
Gotta be honest with yourself, Tsundere.
You almost sprouted some branches.
Yeah, shout like that.
You gotta use your head. Get it? GET IT?
The demon of it is it's just harder for fansubbing to die now.
but as I am now, I could not even best Doki.
Indeed.
They are neither corporate shills like Crunchyroll,
I find it hard to believe that they're "just a fansubber group".
Fa So shut the fuck up.
Really?
You should really go get something from the Lobby right now.
Either learn Jap in full or shut the fuck up.
Those aren't good translations at all!
How!?!?
There's probably no other group of people on the planet who only think about themselves as much as we do.
You can't even remember the so called good fansubs correctly.
Well aren't you the cool cat?
no Kyoujin or Bahamut?
What the hell should I do!?
You bastard!
Kizumonogatari 2:
I was basically Umaru from Himouto! Umaru-chan.
Gonna blow this here taco stand.
PPlease...
so why the gloomy face?
Guillotinecutter, as well as Dramaturgy and Episode...
I beat them all easily.
and from your point of view, they were too weak.
But is that the only reason
I know, right?
She thought only her arms and legs were stolen.
but to stealthily steal even Kiss-Shot's heart
I am.
Normally, people run away from oddities.
With this, Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade's stolen parts
After you safely become human,
Are you mad about the whole heart thing?
but I'd like to be turned back into a human soon.
I did not speak accurately.
Let me see...
You said we're the same race?
However, you never bored me, servant.
has made me rather famished...
Thinking back, it wasn't such a bad spring break for me.
I'm back!
but "hunger is the best sauce" is well put indeed.
And she will continue to eat.
if my sisters are eaten,
Right in front of her,
Ah, you don't know what kind of man I am.
If you're thinking that way,
Are you giving up on your humanity?
After all, you're just abandoning the mess you made,
I'm not like you. I'm weak.
Hanekawa...
you wouldn't have enough bodies to go around.
I'm only doing it because it's you.
There's no one who can stop Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade.
There's no one left to stop that vampire.
slay Kiss-Shot.
If there's something I can do, don't hesitate to ask.
Why is that necessary?
If you're gonna massage 'em, do it right.
Seeing your face
makes it hard...
I'm sure.
could you say, "Araragi-kun, please fondle my braless boobs? I beg you."
p please fondle my braless boobs.
No, it doesn't work if you say it so quietly.
That makes it sound like
There's no need to apologize.
Class Rep's boobs so slutty?
I mean, it shouldn't be possible to fondle a friend's breasts!
Someone like me can't even begin to guess
Was that enough?
Servant.
I believe I did not take into consideration your former humanity.
My life was saved by you.
You may be peculiar,
Will you not live with me for eternity?
If you had known that,
As a parting gift,
Die, my master!
Shall I impart something good to you, servant?
I too
Then!
Hanekawa! That's enough, go hide!
if you do not end me quickly, I will soon recover.
Please tell me.
You had him gather your parts
Do you believe this servant can kill me after you said that?
For the first time in my life, I was helped by another.
had ever helped me like that.
I could not die for him.
I was unable to die.
I was to lower my guard and be killed at a suitable time.
Because you
Saying that will
Now. Now. Now. Now. Now.
I don't need an explanation!
Just get over here!
Araragi-kun, it's unprecedented for me
Oshino.
Haha! My, how energetic you are, Araragi-kun.
Heart-Under-Blade.
So, what is your wish?
will be your blood.
Servant... Servant... Servant...
Well, my healing speed is pretty high.
makes me feel like the world has changed.
Positive thinking, right?
was the disillusionment of seeing a cute kitty devour a mouse.
Whenever you get sick of this,
now need each other to heal.
If tomorrow you die,
Anyways, this means you've collected all four limbs.
Hey, hey, Araragi-kun.
You should be happy that you accomplished your goal.
She never noticed...
A fourth battle between you and me...
A battle... with you?
That's no longer my intention.
I've lost my appetite.
I mean, it's already been two weeks.
Haha, that must suck.
After you safely become human,
I did not speak accurately.
I did not want to talk about something in particular. Anything is fine.
Is this necessary for me to become human again?
If I must tell a story, then it would have to be about that man.
Why do you think so?
For he is dead.
Demon Blade: Kokorowatari.
Do not move. I just cut you.
Your torso, horizontally.
and died.
In most cases, vampires seek death after 200 years of life.
On that note, your first servant
has made me rather famished...
so it feels kinda bittersweet.
Okay!
Thinking back, it wasn't such a bad spring break for me.
It wasn't bad at all.
I heard that priests taste horrible, but...
If I do not eat, I will die.
And she will continue to eat.
My fault for saving her.
It's my fault...
No... more....
I...
Right in front of her,
What's this?
I'm a man who wouldn't!
Araragi-kun's gentle side all the time.
If I never met you,
At this point, if I were the only one to get what I wanted,
I'm currently not a human, but a vampire.
I believe I'm your friend.
There's no one who can stop Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade.
Oshino would have a better chance, but...
Not even you?
Do Do you get my reasoning?
Wait a moment.
You You won't get mad later?
That makes it sound like
Is that so?
The human called Araragi Koyomi
I mean, it shouldn't be possible to fondle a friend's breasts!
Please forgive me!
"My first time is gonna be on a mat in the storage room."
And yet, after so much teasing,
so much humiliation,
Yo.
I refuse.
I didn't understand a thing.
No...
That's not right.
but not right.
You would have saved anyone who looked weak.
That's what I wanted to hear you say.
I too
Ha! For vampires over 300 years of age,
I recalled it as we talked yesternight.
felt rather reluctant
What is it, servant?
Do not spout such nonsense, portable food.
Then how exactly were you planning to make him human?
What did you hope to gain from saying that?
Do you believe this servant can kill me after you said that?
For the first time in my life, I was helped by another.
This is... This is...
Now. Now. Now. NOW.
Oshinooo!
So get your ass over here,
Then what's the problem?!
That doesn't exist.
and even her name and age.
She'll be a pseudo-vampire human-like entity,
once degraded to that state,
and she must stay close to you for the rest of hers.
Yep.
If Heart-Under-Blade and Araragi-kun become vampires again,
under such conditions!
somehow kill me, please.
In the end, how much vampirism was left in your body?
was the disillusionment of seeing a cute kitty devour a mouse.
If today you live,
Subbed by EdoPhantom
Th-This is... a neutral grade Mephisto Mark II!
I didn't realize it was out yet!
...a robot?
and went to scout it out!
would you like to be a Knight Runner when you grow up?
Hurry, Kid! They'll find us!
A girl?
so he went to the Academy of Knight Runners as well.
But sir, I want to be a Knight Runner as soon as possible!
There're two fundamental things you're lacking:
Well, don't let it get you down, Ernie.
No! You need to stay just the way you are!
What's wrong?
I'm sorry!
I have a great deal of respect for anyone involved with Silhouette Knights.
Come and get it, Batson, you slowpoke!
What kind of high spell was that you mastered?
Like this.
It's combines the power of a sword to cut enemies with a gun that fires magic.
I'll show you what it can do.
would I be excused from Magical Fundamentals?
Even if you're the headmaster's grandson,
Of course.
Very well.
That's the engine that forms the core of a Silhouette Knight.
We're just a bunch of low-level blacksmiths.
Are you really planning to make your own unit?
It's been a hundred years since the Kaldatoah,
the kingdom's standard Silhouette Knight, was introduced.
Be careful!
All you do is whine!
Just call me "Big Sister."
I can't deny that we're siblings.
But why do you want to advance through the grades so quickly?
Someday, I hope I get a chance to really talk to you.
Sorry, Ernie.
What?
High school students, advance in your Silhouette Knights,
Help me!
Middle school students, get to safety!
We'll handle the demon beasts!
I have a bad feeling about this.
Next time: "Hero Beast!"
But once it fell to Zaloudek's army,
...flies tonight.
They were watching us more closely than expected.
Who are you?
Um...
The fact that I came is proof!
You have the power to drive people to action!
I'm not worthy of being protected.
Princess, please give me my first mission as a knight.
Then will you save me?
Knight!
created a way to fly!
No!
That would explain things.
I'm exhausted.
Your Highness!
Baron Letonmaki, Viscount Bekkel.
The Lesvant, the Kuschperchan Silhouette Knight,
Teach them a lesson!
Destroy these fools!
Fire!
I thought everybody but me would need some anti-air weapons.
This'll take a little time.
That is what it means to have royal blood.
It is impossible to run from this.
True.
If she was a Silhouette Knight,
I could figure out most of her problems just by listening to her engine noise.
What about you, Kid?
Make the princess feel better!
I brought a visitor.
P-Princess?
You're in the way!
This is for the Trandorkis!
Well done, knights.
Zaloudek's army moved quickly.
Can we get the ship closer?
It's plain as day!
They can't maintain altitude!
Okay, it's all loaded!
Follow me!
One ship is fleeing!
You bastard...
If you do, I won't kill you.
I'll take the mech, though.
Oh?
Sir Knight?
Oh, it's nothing...
I understand your rage and sorrow.
I would've sacrificed my life to save him.
And the weight of a dwarven hammer.
The declaration of the founding by Queen Eleonora
Yup.
They're using them once and throwing them away?
If you're a man, then chow down!
which belong to you by contract?
How about that?
That's perfectly fine.
This is the sweat of the heart.
devoted all of its energies to expanding its forces.
Yeah.
That's a good thing, though.
A giant weapon modeled after an ancient demon beast called a drake.
No! Run, everyone!
and instead I get to see you, Red Twinswords?
It's maneuverable and can attack at close range.
Cease struggling, demon!
I finally caught up!
But that's enough. Down you go!
How goes the battle?
Ernesti...
The withdrawal signal?
What will you do?
Switch to another one?
Lord Gojass!
nobody can stop it...
Well, perhaps.
Oh, right.
Just as knights speak with their swords,
the Alkeloryx.
I'll cut, slice, and dice the enemy!
Idiot.
You'll be left at home and in danger!
then I will go, too.
We've lost our country at the hands of cowardly invaders,
We must not let that night of tragedies ever happen again.
it saddens me that we must entrust you, our guests,
Don't spoil him.
Their momentum restored, they reached the last fortress blocking them from Delvancul,
Shilda Neryaku Fortress.
Oh, my!
We managed to modify it into the Jilbaveil in time, huh?
Farewell is calling me!
I won't!
Ernesti's plan...
Time for the counterattack!
What's this?
There's still hope.
Well done, Commander Cunitz.
Mission complete!
Demon... give it up!
A shining dragon!
It's just wearing the overflowing mana like a cloak!
If long-range attacks won't work,
He's tough!
I won't let you!
The drake...
I'll give you my life,
As long as I can kill the queen, the reborn Kuschpercha is doomed!
No.
The queen must not flee from the enemy.
He's stronger than me?
The queen and the camp are in danger!
Leave the Tzendolimble and come here!
Our victory is inevitable!
The loss of the drake battleship resulted in the loss of Zaloudek's air superiority.
The capital, Delvancul, had used all of its forces to defend the fort,
I'm sorry, Ernie.
Y-Yeah?
When I came here, it was in a carriage and a Silhouette Knight,
B-Bye!
What?
After that, I'll go back to being a queen.
No, that was plenty.
Especially you Knight Runners.
the Knight Runners would have not been able to do as well as they did.
Okay, I won't hold back!
Nobody's as greedy as me.
Fine.
Enough.
I'm hungry.
The people gained a new way to move from place to place,
And this is a High Divine, too!
He's into models?
How infuriating!
It's his way of telling us to raise more Knight Runners.
We'll handle this!
A Knight Runner?
to meet these Silhouette Knights?
I'll add emission and enhancement spells
Bye.
Wait, are you training up here?
It's not easy to learn.
Fundamentals of Silhouette Knight Design?
There're two fundamental things you're lacking:
The way I am...
A Silhouette Knight?
If I'm going to customize the entire thing,
Give it back!
Do you think we dwarves are going to be Knight Runners or something?
I'm sorry!
Let's go, you two.
You've used that a lot.
Just daily life...?
For example...
May I be excused?
That's the engine that forms the core of a Silhouette Knight.
Sure.
We don't even know where they're made, let alone how.
Sister Steph...
That's right, a night ambush...
Thank you, Ernie!
You again, Echevalier?
Ernesti!
Student Council President!
The behemoth is calling me!
Yes, sir!
All units, begin spell bombardment!
No!
Even if we were to bring together all the Silhouette Knights of Jantunen,
Gather up all the surrounding Knight Runners in the vicinity.
We are knights!
Fire!
Ernie, hurry!
I chose to survive!
What's wrong with that?
Oh, I know.
but I have to make this a success.
Ernesti eschewed all physical control methods,
I can't get away?!
Wow! This is amazing!
It's pointless to try cutting it!
and could use magic of their own were called demon beasts.
or I won't look cool!
We're going to die! We're going to die!
Begin the attack once more!
I see.
Take over the controls for me!
The crimson one's Knight Runner!
Now!
and struck its brain stem.
And then, with the enhancement magic that supported it gone,
You're still going to do that?
A power that is too great can bring about destruction.
I couldn't think of the proper way to reward you
How ridiculous!
Yes, Your Majesty!
Yes, I suppose.
But you needn't inform him of this.
What're you doin', you moron?
I said that I copied out the scripts from the Magius Engine,
Without his help, it would've been impossible!
Let's sing the praises of the Guair!
Ernesti, what are you doing here?
Helvi, about the Trandorkis...
Why not add another two arms here?
but they're actually tools. Machines.
If there's some function we want them to have,
Ernie!
May I have permission, principal?
there's only one way.
but the underlying frame's blown out.
Hey, Ernesti,
There's no way using these will serve as a replacement for Silhouette Knight training.
They're unique.
Pathetic, Edgar!
No amount of training is wasted!
Sure!
Okay, try walking.
Deploying Silhouette Arms.
What's important today is that a new Silhouette Knight has taken its first step.
I don't really understand, but congratulations!
It's wonderful.
but they're acting like it's a party.
but it would be no fun to just let you push me into a corner!
Now you've done it.
Cheers!
Won't the king praise you for this?
had noticed.
You're so mean, Ernie!
Are you planning on besieging any castles?
are wonderful things on their own, don't you think?
We're connected to the Great Bocuse Forest,
But this is something completely different, yes?
We don't want them taking credit for Ernie's work!
What are you doing?
What is that huge thing?
Edgar?
How did you feel about the power of the new units?
Yes, sir.
What is this?
Very well.
What is it you want to talk about?
I want to hear what you have to say...
As I said before,
I beg your understanding here.
Go ahead.
No, that's good.
I'll be happy to answer them.
First, I need to get to high school and graduate.
Stop lying to me!
Don't make it sound so simple!
Ever since the founding of Fremmevilla,
Why are you even trying to act like a normal child?
Why?
In other words, you sent Ernie to meet the marquis himself?
Why?
I haven't heard anything about school being canceled...
Look at this.
Shaggy-head?
I'll tell him to come back!
That's true, but...
This is a different matter.
Hey, Dietrich, we haven't finished overhauling it yet, have we?
It?
It's equipped with sub-arms and the Strand-Type, too.
That's just fine.
We're making you pay a price before you get through, monster!
But they were rescued by Ernesti and the Silhouette Knights,
Even if we were to bring together all the Silhouette Knights of Jantunen,
I didn't... just leave them all to die.
Good.
by using his Gunlike Rod to directly input the scripts.
and initiating input-output control with default values!
Feeding back movement disparities.
Modify, modify, modify...
A robot!
He stole a Silhouette Knight and went to attack it?
It's possible.
Helvi!
Even magic doesn't work!
creatures who possessed catalyst crystals
and could use magic of their own were called demon beasts.
I need to at least take out a leg or something,
We're going to die! We're going to die!
Now, let's finish this!
I don't care if it's impossible.
Get ready!
Anybody who can move, begin recovery of the behemoth's heart!
Forgive me, Dietrich.
I thought I was a goner.
I would've run away with all of you, I think.
I guess you're aware of that.
A power that is too great can bring about destruction.
What?
The output and response speed match the Telestale,
No lagging!
Let's get that treasure!
Don't let them leave the fort!
I guess this is just a second-rate machine that some kid made, huh?
Stop them here!
I'm not interested in the foot soldiers!
I don't like it.
They attacked without even giving their names, huh?
Shut up!
Well done!
Edgar!
And you really think you'll be okay by yourself?
We all made it together!
Yeah! They just opened fire on us!
I see.
What?
How much mana does this damn thing burn?
I wanted to take it back as pristine as possible, but...
There!
What?
No!
That sound!
I'm fine!
The Telestale can't have gone far!
Edgar!
Students!
will offer what help I can!
There's one other strange thing.
No...
summoned to Schreiber Castle.
The Order of the Silver Phoenix?
I'll be waiting.
The whirlwind is calling me!
I won't let you go, my robot!
It's been a century since we've had anything like this.
It would be even better if you were to give me your analysis of it, Chief Gaizka.
His Majesty can be meaner than he looks.
Or is this intended to shake us up?
He sucks up to the king and now thinks he's the cock of the walk!
But those raiders...
I believe that someone from the Occident sent them.
It's probably the work of someone who forgot that.
Now, what else does that little boy have in store for us?
I think his majesty will send an official notice eventually,
You're all here, right, everyone?
Yeah.
Well, there's definitely no backing out now.
This really is hard!
His Majesty has given us a greater goal of making the best machine possible,
I want to make a mech that's got superior speed.
The new Silhouette Gear vastly improved the efficiency of the Knightsmiths,
drastically speeding up the work of the Order of the Silver Phoenix.
But I'll come any time I get the chance, okay?
Listen up, new kids!
And this is our commander, Ernesti Echevalier.
I see.
So you think there's a good chance it's the work of another country?
Thank you.
Espionage is the Order of the Azure Hawk's specialty,
What were they talking about in there all by themselves?
It's a miracle that all that did was knock you out.
This equipment isn't going to work.
I'm done thinking about what happened.
Let's experiment more later, after some improvements.
Before that...
I knew it...
Nothing good happens when I give the kid some time off.
So the new one's a two-seater?
they need to be able to work in harmony.
This new unit is a monster, huh?
The size of the machine and the mana it burns are on a whole different level.
Edgar, can I have a word?
And there were only three days left until the date given by King Ambrosius.
How strong they look!
improving defense and solving the mana pool drain issues!
making it mobile, easy to control, and powerful!
as my country's finest group of Knightsmiths is well-deserved.
That explains why the Guardian Ambassador called us.
It would be an insult to these valiant warriors to speak anymore.
And they're using enhanced Telestales.
I can't miss it, can I?
There are three of us and one of it!
Activating Magius Jet Thruster.
Deploying from stored position.
...is flying?
Zerxes, he's after you!
I'll catch them off guard by launching a preemptive attack on the unit heading for the Tzendolg.
But Edgar and D, I'll need you to hang in there with a numbers disadvantage.
I have a powerful shield named Edgar!
but I didn't expect to be down to below 20 mana already.
They're getting used to the movements of the horse and rider-type already.
The Silver Phoenix mech seems to have more power, but...
In other words, the more time passes,
Addy, charge once more!
Now!
Now I'm getting serious!
Next time, I want to fight you in the same mech you're using.
Humility is a virtue,
Who's that?
How can something that big have four legs working in unison?
Yes, that would explain it...
And as for the Lightning Flail,
I'll send the Silhouette Gear that was the basic model to the lab!
Ernesti's designs are revolutionary,
Sorry, I didn't get that at all.
and I got a little passionate.
Every man loves a new...
Emrys, shut up and sit down.
Ambrosius, the Lion King,
gave up kingship,
In the same year, at Laihiala Academy...
Even after all the trouble we caused.
I suppose so...
My dad's taking the throne,
Then make one for me, too!
Right.
And the seasons passed,
Very well.
I'll show you the difference in our strengths.
I heard that prince Emrys looks just like the former king when he was his age.
At least you can make it out!
They say that a man's position changes him.
But I'm glad he did change.
Yes?
Don't waste mana!
the remaining shellcased will be easy prey.
It's because of the power of the Toybox.
R-Right!
Did you get her?
They're already having us run around, and we just got here.
No, only those in Alfheim Village know it.
And only those granted admittance by the ambassador may enter.
Mid-20s?
There are those of us who become ambassadors
But we're considered strange.
I'll hear it all,
try it all,
But first, I need to hear everything!
and eventually spend our time in sleep and thought.
It was part of our laws.
Thinking is the most valuable thing for us.
Indeed.
and filled with the blood of living things.
And so we use this mythril,
we use catalyst crystals that were mined,
you'd use something else, right?
I've already got an idea.
The victories were yours to begin with.
The hearts of the behemoth and queen shellcased are yours to use as you wish.
He is our commander!
Ernie!
If it gets more disturbing, let me know.
Wait!
Don't worry.
I was alone with Sir Ernesti as part of that mission.
but when you put your hands over my eyes, I can't see anything.
Let's invite Kid and Bat!
The Silver Nerves are connected!
Happy birthday, my robot!
The name of that country was Phada-abahden.
And our nation is its rightful heir!
I thought the Local Federation would last longer than a month.
The Black Knights, using the Tyranto, Zaloudek's new cutting-edge Silhouette Knight,
Indeed.
Like pigs with their rears sliced open!
Defend the castle at all costs!
Eleonora...
Escape with Martina and the others outside the walls.
What will you do, Father?
Yes, Your Highness.
Prepare the king's mech!
We need to leave Delvancul by dawn.
Splendidly done, Prince of Zaloudek.
By dawn, both the King of Kuschpercha and Delvancul had fallen.
It's because of those ships from Zaloudek.
The party's starting!
I can see the secret of the enemy's strength.
It's okay if we take it, right?
What's our business?
Zaloudek's army started to speak of a monstrous horse and rider,
Isadola?
I can't ruin the plan my sister came up with.
No, Your Highness.
I've heard that the power of the Bronze Fang can be difficult to handle.
You defeat it.
Ernesti found out about Princess Eleonora's plight.
What're those horse-like things?
Time to finish this, I guess?
Wait!
Today, I'll thank you.
We were right to come into town separately.
Okay, everyone,
Nora, get us an escape route.
Now it's a race against time.
Hey there!
Save me?
Even if I go with you, I have nowhere to go.
Please, leave.
It's okay!
The fact that I came is proof!
You moved me to action!
Princess, please give me my first mission as a knight.
The Order of the Reaper?
It'll be because of something else.
That's what D was talking about.
They're after us already.
The demon! It's the demon!
Wonderful!
But how does it support this huge weight?
Listen, the sky belongs to me.
These two geniuses would be at the core of
racing down the road at incredible speed...
I saw it myself.
It was quite... upsetting.
I'm so glad you're all right.
Teach them a lesson!
Destroy these fools!
Brother Rys, you cheer her up, too.
Do you think I'd know how a princess feels?
Much blood is being shed on the battlefield right now.
I'll grant you a peerage and land in Kuschpercha when the job is done.
I'll be using the Vendobadahla Custom.
What's going on?
Stupid brats...
Aldirat, show me your power!
Well done, knights.
Wait.
Cristobal's force, composed of the Orders of the Black Jaw and Bronze Wing,
into Baron Letonmaki's territory,
This ship is escorting Prince Cristobal.
Begin a full-out assault!
Fire!
Heave-ho!
We've lost Ship 2 and Ship 3!
Contact the Order of the Black Jaw on the ground!
Our allies are... um...
I can see it!
I'm looking forward to seeing your power!
Then...
I've actually done most of the basic development myself.
In times of necessity,
I'll take the mech, though.
Damn you... Damn you!
What splendid resolve.
Flying by using explosions?
I'm back.
Yup!
It's nothing.
If I weren't a... what do you call them... non-combatant,
The prince was slain by the demon?
sent a shock wave through Zaloudek's armies.
Princess Eleonora!
Glory to Kuschpercha!
So, silver-haired boy, did you learn anything?
and this explains why it was able to have such power
Etheric Levitator?
Me, too.
Perfect timing, Ernie.
This is thanks to you.
Can you help us?
Yes, of course.
You're 100 serious!
The Zaloudek forces' movements stalled,
A giant weapon modeled after an ancient demon beast called a drake.
I found you, demon.
With the power of this Vyver, we will avenge the prince!
A new enemy weapon?
and instead I get to see you, Red Twinswords?
Of all the people, it had to be you...
Ankyurosa, AA defenses!
and remove the greatest threat to Zaloudek!
Charges are our specialty, not yours!
I'll go pick them up once I defeat you!
So this is the power of the Ether Supplier that Ernesti was talking about, huh?
Ankyurosa 4 and 6, damage report!
Everyone, strap in.
That's not funny at all.
Is my company okay?
Ernesti?
The Vyver's mana pool is huge, but we're still running out.
Is the demon's mana limitless?
Use the special shells!
It may not be destroyed,
If it goes down any further, we won't be able to stay in the air!
First, congratulations on the, uh... success?
An Ether Reactor?
Or a prototype, rather.
What?
But it will do no good in my hands.
Was this drake that hard to handle?
It's not a Levitate Ship or Silhouette Knight.
We should consider it a new category of weapon.
but they're likely to strengthen their weapons next time.
The only ones who can fight this, I'm afraid,
So if our base goes down, we lose?
There's a report that reinforcements have arrived from the enemy homeland.
So is there any way to strengthen our defenses and take out the drake...
Everyone,
That wasn't very nice, Your Highness.
It's true, though!
There they encountered Zaloudek's army.
I know my way around a Silhouette Gear.
Oh, my!
Or so you say,
Ernesti Echevalier...
Final Episode: "Heaven Earth!"
my Vyver and your Demon...
I swear on my robot soul that I won't let that happen!
I won't!
Roger!
Activating the Blood Grail!
Taste the rage of our fallen prince!
I can fight you on my own.
You're going to let me through!
If I destroy you, I can deprive the reborn kingdom of its momentum!
Everybody is doing their best.
Like a moth to the flame...
Unfortunately, I saw that coming, too!
Weapons don't need aesthetics.
That power!
A Silhouette Knight...
My partner, this is the critical moment!
We're not fighting alone!
Grit your teeth, Edgar!
Blast...
External equipment damage in sector three exceeds 80 percent!
They collapsed in the face of the Kuschperchan assault
You sure did a job of wrecking these.
Sorry, boss.
Isadola, is it okay to bring her here?
You're leaving, aren't you?
B-Bye!
Kid, you dummy!
Ernie, I'm cold, so let's go inside!
First, I must make a Silhouette Knight that flies more beautifully and efficiently.
brought Levitate Ship technology to all the nations.
and a new era came about,
which would later be known as the Great Age of Airships.
Robots are a man's romance!
I couldn't think of the proper way to reward you
What I want most right now is knowledge.
That's one of the country's greatest treasures and best-kept secrets!
Indeed!
And why is this so important to you?
Your Majesty, I'll give my grandson a stern talking-to,
I'm so happy to see you again, Father.
I want to be the first to tell His Majesty.
What?
Okay.
which leads to greater energy output.
Yeah, it's a mess, isn't it?
but we need your help.
In order for one to use magic for long-range attacks,
I think it's inefficient to have to switch between sword and rod.
They may look human,
but they're actually tools. Machines.
don't you think we should change their form to create it?
Is there anything Addy and I can do to help you?
Teach us how to fight in a Silhouette Knight!
And I've come up with the perfect plan, too!
Can you really do this, Ernie?
complicated processes and lots of parts,
That's right. Make it smaller!
Okay, time to go train!
so it's hard to even make it work.
What's important today is that a new Silhouette Knight has taken its first step.
but eventually we may have to face it.
Maybe we'll begin with me knocking you flat.
We will now finish the trial run of the new unit
It's not the capabilities of the machine that decide the victory.
Let's go, Trandorkisno, Telestale!
I think she's trying to take advantage of her superior energy output.
but it would be no fun to just let you push me into a corner!
So it's not complete, then?
Then let's watch this awhile longer.
By this time,
Unless this problem was fixed, it couldn't be used in actual combat.
is essentially impossible.
We'd need to increase the amount of Crystal Tissue,
Isn't this kind of thing your specialty, Ernie?
It doesn't have to be muscle, right?
Yeah.
Then here I go.
made with the Strand-Type Crystal Tissue.
It would be faster for you to use it than for me to explain how it works.
Yeah.
Fire!
Yes!
Wow!
are wonderful things on their own, don't you think?
It needs to get lighter.
The balance is totally different than before!
To the west of the mountains lies the western kingdoms, the so-called Occident,
You've still got more to give?
That's fine with me.
Hey, what do we do?
About what?
If we don't know how the lab will react,
This is obviously terrible weather for operating Silhouette Knights.
Kid, you idiot! Idiot!
What are you doing?
I've never seen a shaker worm like that!
Why are you so calm?
They're difficult to deal with,
Roger!
Now! Charge!
It was your idea to tell him!
Where's Ernie?
Excuse me.
How's school?
Ernesti Echevalier?
and its future development plans.
Please take care of the rest.
I don't understand.
Do you understand what you've done?
Of course!
The Crystal Tissue could only support even weights before,
It's my hobby.
It's Ernie we're talking about.
I'd be more worried about the marquis.
There's more?
All right, moving on...
So I'll...
Probably because there're no girls who won't shut up there.
Boss, you jerk!
That's right.
It's been too long!
There are demon beasts...
That's right!
The Earlcumber is a good machine,
but you like the new one too, right?
You could say it's a new unit, too.
Distress signal from Darie Village!
that this was part of a world-shaking event.
After sending a Kaldatoah to the fortress as a messenger,
Stay sharp!
Get onto repair dais 3!
Marquis Dixgard, there's no time to waste.
We don't need to stay here.
They got here way too fast!
I'll smack anyone who whines about it!
You won't get away!
Edgar!
You'll be here for a little while longer!
Kamasa!
Silhouette Knights are fighting deadly battles right next to me,
It was stolen!
Can I join the party, too?
What?
He's... just screwing with me!
Of course.
They'll catch up to us at this rate.
How much mana does this damn thing burn?
Kid!
Not good!
That shall be your name.
I'm so happy.
You're so slow!
Director Olver!
It's been a century since we've had anything like this.
Or is this intended to shake us up?
Indeed.
We need their power.
I believe that someone from the Occident sent them.
The Occident is the name given to the countries to the west of Fremmevilla,
Knight Commander?!
No, wait...
but I'm going to use the Academy of Knight Runners' facilities as our base.
That's wonderful.
So at last, you took over the school, huh?
You looked so sad when you were saying, "They might not let me in!"
How's Bat using a Gear?
so can you and the rest of the Knightsmiths, boss!
Received.
And this is what's going to do it.
Um...
But I'll come any time I get the chance, okay?
We lost track of the attackers at the Aubigne Mountains.
Maybe Ernie likes cool women like that?
Really?
But there's something I want some help with first.
I can't believe you're okay.
It devoured all the mana instantly, drained the mana pool, and stopped.
It's not out of the question, but it needs serious work.
Okay.
Boss, that's enough.
That's why you chose Kid and Addy?
I should've invited Ernie!
A silver dagger?
I see.
Order of the Silver Phoenix, we're off to the capital!
We've prepared the best pilots we could find for this tournament!
He breaks the rules even more than I'd heard.
as well as three Silhouette Knights equipped with new weapons
at the Capital City of Kankkunen.
Look at that, Tuva.
Activating Magius Jet Thruster.
Wow!
it's the only way.
And my Guair will rip open the enemy!
So he's more powerful?
Now then, who will taste the fruits of victory?
Enough!
That would be wonderful!
As Guardian Ambassador, I will share your words with the village.
Two months have passed since the mock battle.
and began mass production.
they've been slacking off, haven't they?
A lot happened,
We barely even took any classes.
Any preferences for how it'll look?
Ernie looks so happy.
Great! I like it!
Taste my power before you leave this Earth!
That would mean he'd die...
Is he really 60?
What are you talking about?
What more could a Knight Runner ask for?
It looks hot in there...
Yes?
On that day, there was an announcement at Schreiber Castle
big enough to disrupt the king's conference.
What about the Guardian Knights, the Aruvans?
They've established a defensive position,
What am I about to tell you is highly classified.
Ernie's on fire!
Charge!
They came to help?
Ernesti, leave this to us.
From now on, we use Type-3 Equipment!
Let's give up on the legs!
But...
Checkmate!
Hey, help me over here!
I will give you the Ether Reactor's construction method.
And only those granted admittance by the ambassador may enter.
the Alvs, who pass on the ways of magic and skill.
There are those of us who become ambassadors
By the way, I don't know how to make an Ether Reactor.
He won't give up that easily on his hobbies.
I didn't even have time to tell him what we always say,
The murmurs of evil have vanished.
You lack the time.
Yes?
Though it feels like I'm forcing it on you.
that gives it power.
and the efficiency of the etheric transformation.
are bigger and more efficient,
But tuning them is extremely difficult.
you'd use something else, right?
Strange. So do I.
I'll wait here, too!
Please give us permission to wait here.
Right!
What were you talking about?
I was alone with Sir Ernesti as part of that mission.
Let's invite Kid and Bat!
They saw this as the perfect time to turn the tide of battle.
Martina, thank you for coming from Fremmevilla
and supporting Fernando for so long.
I shall be your opponent!
What would Emrys say if he heard you?
I'm going to help some relatives.
The Duchy is already controlled by the Kingdom of Zaloudek,
What kind of merchant uses a monstrous carriage like that?
An iron gate destroyed in a single strike?
Let me and my Ikaruga join in the fun!
I'll play!
Back weapons!
Unforgivable!
It's okay if we take it, right?
The Order of the Silver Phoenixno, the Silver Phoenix Merchants Association,
This sounds fun!
Get lots of product!
I'll make this quick.
Sheesh...
I think I can help him.
I've heard that the power of the Bronze Fang can be difficult to handle.
Thanks to reports from Nora of the Order of the Azure Hawk,
Ernesti found out about Princess Eleonora's plight.
That stupid prince is the worst!
I, Gustav Mardonnes, will destroy them.
You'll pay a big price for stealing our technology!
Not bad...
This is my time to shine!
I see.
Time to finish this, I guess?
Flying ships, huh?
It was the perfect time to leave, right?
Well done, Tanikaze.
Eh...
What... is this?
Not have any message about his arrival.
Nothing.
The concept of a species is out of fashion.
Disgusts me.
Eating rotten things...
This is a parasite of Sidonia I created.
With this size...
You can move all human knowledge.
I can not tell you the details.
I leave it.
It is true.
Yuhata told me he wants to talk about one thing on the specimen Ena.
I do not know how...
Wait a little.
I understood.
It can not be...
Analyze the shortest distance in which the body can be drilled,
Foul a 40 to reach the center of the body.
Cover me.
Do you think only attack that body of Ena?
What is?
He tripped over a pole and plummeted ten meters. How's he still alive?
He raided the rice factory, right?
Oh, it's Kunato and Hoshijiro.
But what's more important now are...
Well...
You young'uns must listen to me.
Someone down there stop him!
You say your name is Nagate Tanikaze.
There's no one with the name "Nagate Tanikaze" here.
If you're gonna lie, at least make it believable.
Nagate Tanikaze, there's someone who wishes to become your personal guarantor.
I have a favor to ask you.
I'm Izana Shinatose. Nice to meet you.
So close. Second place again.
What's this about?
It's a virtual training console.
It's different from what I used underground, but I think so.
It's me.
Not too bad since you just joined. Impressive.
Nagate!
That new guy is going to pilot it?
Each Garde unit proceed in sequence.
Tanikaze, ready!
Damage to Tanikaze as well.
Hooray!
Brain wave signal restored.
Tanikaze!
Eiko Yamano's death should be mourned.
What are the odds of a Gauna emerging right after that guy had joined us?
Please tell us what a Gauna is like.
Sorry, we're in a hurry.
The result was human photosynthesis.
That newbie piloted the Tsugumori that was here, right?
I'm about to go leave some flowers in front of Yamano's memorial.
Let's see...
That's right, Tanikaze. Use the cutter.
It only took two Gaunas breaking through to almost entirely destroy Sidonia.
Oh, are you feeling better now?
Also, bring the cadet representative to me.
Doctor, I need to get to my class right away.
I promised...
Understood.
Hey, isn't that...
Really?
Our time is counting down to zero, faster and faster.
Especially on first deployments.
I've never seen anything like it.
Permission to perform emergency diagonal acceleration at thrust level two.
Gauna 541 just attacked the colony ship, and now they're attacking Sidonia again.
It's too soon to draw conclusions.
Right, understood.
Ready thruster one. Ignition.
Gauna 542 is changing course!
Can't be. How can it be so agile?
Granted.
Affirmative!
...a Knight of Sidonia!
Tsugumori.
Squad two, head straight for the propulsion core.
Squad two leader, copy.
Squad one, the frontal Ena is changing!
Unit 639 down!
I can't stabilize!
An hour left.
Besides, if we shut down the core system and gravity generator, the residential district will...
We copy. We will destroy the host core!
The residential district will experience blackouts
We have no choice!
Interior exposed.
Samari! I'm coming!
Don't worry, leave this to me.
Movement detected in Gauna 542.
Is it aiming to shoot down the missile before it reaches them?
Nagate! Wake up!
Izana!
All units, back away from the wall.
I missed!
There are layers of tentacles.
Wait, Tanikaze.
I'm going to head for the core.
I'm so close.
Seii!
Take this!
Nagate.
Zoom in on the opening. Do it now!
The penetration round you gave me really saved my life.
Thank you.
An impact which would assuredly have meant doom for our ship.
An IPM was launched and the asteroid was successfully destroyed.
Oh, Kunato!
And there were lots of days I went without food.
But maybe it's because of all I went through that I appreciate all that you have here.
there's still a part of me that doesn't forgive you.
Besides, Kunato, you are a great pilot.
Let's fight to protect Sidonia side-by-side!
Would you like to join me for your weekly meal tonight?
You took both my Garde unit and my glory.
Why did he get the Tsugumori?
Hoshijiro's death is your responsibility.
I want to see this world burn.
we will commence the ice mining mission at 1100.maybe mining?will see
Roger.
This is nothing.
No!
Why?
They don't have Kabizashis!
What's Tanikaze's status?
Get out of here!
Don't listen to them!
I bet it was his fault that Yamano died too.
It's a bit more than that for one of us here!
He probably wrecked Tsugumori too.
Tanikaze used his high speed pulseblade and 30 of his rapid fire ammo.
Put a swift end to it!
How come you can pilot the Tsugumori so well?
Is that a funeral?
Yes. You go to the biothermal reactor when you approach the end of your lifespan.
So it intends to come back.
As I faced the reality of the outside world, shivers went down my spine.
And I told the captain,
We'll take our leave then.
Take this.
It's been a while since I last came to the academy.
I'm surprised you of all people wanted to meet the trainees.
Why?
There!
Yuhata?
You're doing great, Nagate!
Give his frame remote support.
Pull out, Tanikaze!
That hive cluster is within three light years of Sidonia.
The victims are a hoax!
How did it look?
Was it powerful?
Do you know why?
This allows us to only have to eat once a week.
I heard that the newbie got Tsugumori, which used to be here.
Tanikaze used his high speed pulseblade and 30 of his rapid fire ammo.
Yes.
The speed at which it's traveling away from us is decreasing.
This is Kunato Norio, the top cadet of the 628ths!
After a century of silence, we have encountered a Gauna.
You don't.
Why?
Wow! They came to see Kunato!
Yuhata?
The speed at which it's traveling away from us is decreasing.
Hey, are you okay?!
Wow!
Strike!
Go ahead, then.
Aoki is in astonishing shape again!
Midorikawa-san is doing great too.
Kunato jumps right into it!
Tanikaze-kun.
What was it like?
What did you think of your first Gauna?
Are you okay, Tanikaze-kun?
Weren't you the one getting in our way?
Are we going into overtime?
This is great!
Midorikawa's younger sister.
She possesses outstanding insight and a strategic mind capable of replacing me.
Do you plan to stand on the battlefield, Seii?
and I decide what is best.please leave this, im quoting gw bush
I know that.
It has changed course and is heading straight towards Sidonia.
Thank you.
Nagate.
Nagate!
Th-Thank you!
I'm sorry.
I ruined it for you.
Oh, right!
I'm not surprised Akai-san and the others won!
Do you want to come with us?
Holy smokes, Nagate!
Speaking of which, are we the only ones here?
We reserved the place for the entire day.
Look, Nagate!
We were chosen to subjugate it.
Are you really in a bathysphere with Tanikaze-san?!
It's a class H2 Gauna. We won't lose.
Sheesh.
Twenty seconds until subjugation squad reaches intercept point.
Roger!
What's wrong?
Yes.
All frames, disperse!Spread out!
It itches.
Hey, Yuhata! We're in the middle of something here!
It has already healed,
but they won't let me take it off.
You said you were hungry as I recall.
So long.
Let's go, Yuhata.
I have a fair idea of what happened based off what I gleaned from the Gardes repair records.
What?!
I see.
Here.
It looks delicious.
We will sortie in two days.
Yes, ma'am!
Hey!
Hold it!
What's wrong?
Thank the heavens.
His winning streak continues.
Yeah!
The... sea?
Speaking of which, are we the only ones here?
Don't look at me like that, Shinatose.
I was joking earlier.
So do I.
Roger!
I will slay it.
I have starboard.
Firing Hyggs cannon!
shikkari shiroListen to me!
What?!
All frames, disperse!Spread out!
Momose!
Stay here, Midorikawa!
Spread out!
I won't repeat myself.
Yes, sir!
Sidonia is about to undergo emergency acceleration.
Full ahead!
Switch to inertial cruise!
What's the Gauna's trajectory?
We're almost done.
This isn't a drill.
The response from the Kabizashi response is getting weaker again.
What's your status, Tanikaze?
I've got it!
Quad formation.
En!
Shit.
Hyggs engine critical on Hoshijiro's frame.
Strike!
bgCan you hear me, Tanikaze?
What are you doing, Nagate?
Gauna has fired its Hyggs particle cannon.
Move out to rescue the retrieval squad.
Don't, Tanikaze-kun.
Damage to Tanikaze frame: heavy.
Midorikawa, expose the core for me.
Stay back, Momose!
Placental arms!
Spread out!
HMD projectile impact!
Quick, Nagate!
What are you doing here?
All systems ready.
Continue.
Still?
What's the Gauna's trajectory?
Looks like you're hungry, so let's continue our discussion another time.
What are you doing, Tanikaze?
Roger.
Roger.
Get cracking.
We're the only ones who can protect Sidonia.
Retrieval squad, dissolve formation.
Impossible!
Link lost to Kunato and Honoka frames!
My Hyggs engine is acting up!My Hyggs engine is working irregularly!
It's rapidly accelerating away from Sidonia.
Hoshijiro frame lost!
What are you doing, Nagate?
No way!
Tanikaze Nagate, huh?
Please rescue Kunato and Honoka.
Contact with pilot lost!
bgTow Honoka and Kunato back and evacuate the vicinity at once.
Tanikaze, if you go any further, you won't be able to come back to Sidonia!
Send out a squad to retrieve Kunato and Honoka immediately.
All frames are to return to Sidonia.
I'm sorry.
I'll try opening it manually.
We have to conserve our strength.
you did well today.
Hold on!
I won't look. Please don't mind me.
Although the Gauna has been defeated, the threat from the hive cluster is ever-present,
The shining grains that pierce a Gauna's core are called "kabi" after an ancient name for rice ears.
Yeah. It tastes even better than yesterday.
and how many there are.
What can I do?
I have water.
Calm down.
Right!
Maybe we can filter it!
Are these Gardes?
Took you long enough.
You realize that you will be punished?
Okay.
Cut the chatter, frame 007.
Tanikaze, if you go any further, you won't be able to come back to Sidonia!
Com link cut.
Are you okay, Hoshijiro?
I'm sorry.
We have to try to follow Sidonia on the off chance it did stop.
The amount was cut now that we can photosynthesize.
Thanks.
Kabi does not bond with any known substance, and cannot be used to manufacture anything,
Let's each have half.
Yeah. It tastes even better than yesterday.
Isn't it possible we are just too different to communicate on any level?
Yeah.
Don't die on me.
All right!
We have located Tanikaze Nagate and Hoshijiro Shizuka.
Your orders, Captain.
Hero?
All right!
No way!
Onscreen now,
After quarantine and decontamination,
the two survivors are to report to the medical facilities for a detailed examination.
I'm glad I wasn't alone out there.
See you.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
It is likely that Sidonia has entered a region of strong Gauna presence.
I got my hands on some really good gravity chicken today.im assuming that just as with gravity rice theres inferior food made under zero gravity conditions
I got a little bored not having you to cook for every day.
Three policemen have been hospitalized, and more have required medical treatment for minor injuries.
Congratulations, Nagate!
Congrats, Tanikaze!
In recognition of that, I have appointed Kunato Norio, Hoshijiro Shizuka,
I know we've had our difficulties, but we're comrades now.
Actually, I transferred into the 628th generation class today.
All right. Hoshijiro-san can take you.
It's super delicious!
I want to be alone with him!
The door will now open.
The door will now close.
Looks like we got separated from the others again.
Board your frames at once.
This was a great victory.
I'm not satisfied.
The same responsibility lies with me, having not issued the right commands.
Let's go.
No. I don't mind, Mozuku.
Trainee Tanikaze single-handedly slew the Gauna
We simply advocate the course of action that best protects Sidonia and the human race.
Good. I'm fine.
Enjoy the food, you two.
It's so good.
Even while Sidonia is ecstatic with the news of the rescued trainees,
a mob has gathered to demonstrate against Sidonia's militarization,
Turning their insubordination into a moving tale of heroism had the desired effect.
Did you hear?
Weren't you just as angry, Hou?!
What do you want?
Of course I am.
Be careful!
Will we be okay? It's started moving.
It must have discovered us before we did and approached invisibly.
Very well, let us talk to Pilot Kunato.
We were doing our best, but losing one of our own was a harsh blow.
No time to waste, Tsuruuchi.
Target is a hive-type Gauna 830 meters in length.
Prepare to dissolve formation.
Enter a 118-frame formation!
All frames, temporary retreat.
Tanikaze-kun!
Are you okay, Nagate?
I'm sorry.
Are you listening to me, Tanikaze?
Leave him!
Someone needs to talk some sense into him.
I'll give it a shot tomorrow.
the military leadership has announced a bold change in personnel.
I'm coming in!
This room is a mess!
Nagate!
Then you need the resolve for it, even if it's hard.
Let me worry about that.
A large demonstration is being planned, and more and more wish to depart Sidonia.
Preposterous.
For a cute girl like you, drinks are on the house.
Prepare for exterminatus.
Roger.
Good.
Captain's orders.
Midorikawa.
Good.
Nagate?
Kunato's squad, Tanikaze Nagate has been delayed.
Launch Nakazono's squad and Samari's squad once they are ready.
Kunato speaking. My squad is ready for launch.
Roger.
Nothing else.
Yes.
Target is a hive-type Gauna 830 meters in length.
Killing reverse thrusters in 15 seconds.
Roger.
Dissolve formation!
Guess we won't make any progress until we kill the Master Gauna.
Is Kunato's squad making progress on the tail?
Good. Pull back at once.
Detonating!
Simultaneous detonation failed.
Kunato didn't give the signal yet!
Aborting mission.
Imada squad, Kunato squad, clear the area at once.
Are you listening to me, Tanikaze?
Leave him!
Run!
Straighten up.
Nagate!
I'll leave him to you now.
Okay.
Let's go, Nagate!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Are you okay, Nagate?
Oh, no!
Roger.
We're ready.
Missile trajectory within error margin.
Good.
Continue observing missile until impact.
Penetrating target.
It tastes so good.
Yeah.
Thanks, Izana.
Kunato speaking. My squad is ready for launch.
Roger.
Yuhata?
I only fight the Gauna.
Yes.
Focus on your target.
All frames, disperse.
All squads have dispersed towards their target.
Tanikaze will support me.
Kunato!
Kunato! Assist Nakazono with your squad at once!
What's wrong, Tanikaze?
Roger.
Sample retrieved!
Hou, behind you!
All frames, return to Sidonia!
and is presently exploring special Gardes-type tactics.
The existence of this technology must be kept a secret.
Is that why he's in every single battle?
There are no other inhabitants on Sidonia.
Are you sure about this?
How long until we can get inside?
Your experience and sagacity are Sidonia's!
Careful!
Hiro?
Instant glue spilled!
What?
It hurts, it hurts!
Message from the EBD.exobiology division, change typeset if you change it
The Gardes can't keep up.
Only one more frame now.
Nakazono's squad has been annihilated.
Frame 701, Kunato.
Signs of withdrawal.
Where is it?
Hoshijiro speaking.
We've rallied with Kunato's squad.
HQ has called this exceptionally powerful individual Benisuzume after the crimson hawk-moth,
"Will there be an announcement for the placenta sample Tanikaze collected?"
A Hoshijiro Shizuka reproduced using Gauna placenta.
Why do you systematically send out Nagate?
We are ready.
You haven't forgotten the consequences of Ochiai's actions one hundred years ago, have you?
Emergency repairs of the outer wall are 70 complete.
I should have understood him much sooner.
Silence!
You...
We have audio.
It's too early!
En garde!
She's always so nice to us.
All right.
Being called by her first name normally gets her comically mad.
Let's see...
But there is a large hurdle in front of you.
Pilots Tsuruuchi and Aoki, your match will begin in ten minutes.
Samari, if I win, please photosynthesize with me, just the two of us.
Tsuruuchi.
Ms. Hiyama. Have you seen Nagate?
Start!
Hey, Yuhata!
You stay out of this.
I'm Mochikuni Akai. I'm a Garde pilot.
I-I see. Why did you want to see me?
But they won't let me take it off.
Please tell me more the next time we meet.
What?
Only 30 seconds left. Will we go to overtime?
I feel that she could replace me with her insight into combat.
Forget it. That's for me to decide.
Izana?
Y-yeah.
Yeah.
Yes?
That is SO cool! We get to go to the sea!
Oh, stop. You don't need to speak to us so formally.
We've actually rented the whole thing out for ourselves.
To celebrate our victory.
Midorikawa!
I was just kidding.
Akai told us: "After meeting Tanikaze the other day, my nervousness disappeared."
Currently 300 kilometers from target.
Gauna confirmed.
You may use your Heigus particle cannons.
Posterior Ena has been detached.
No, not Akai.
Listen, Aoki, take command of your strike team.
Copy that. Preparing Heigus particle cannon.
Hang in there, Momose!
We've lost the entire strike team.
Knights of Sidonia
Hoshijiro!
Tanikaze!
Please look at this.
We can't afford these expenses during wartime!
We can't handle that!
What's she do?
Um... Who might you be?
For an experiment.
It reacted.
Check it out, there's Tanikaze!
I'm Trainee Shinatose Izana.
Welcome.
The usual.
Emotions?
A pilot has no regrets.
and very nearly destroyed this ship therewith.
Power... beyond imagination?
This is in compliance with the emigration law
Everyone is really divided on the issue.
Not yet.
It is crossing level one defense line.
What's wrong?
Yeah.
Aren't you supposed to consider the pilots' psychological well-being?
I can't counteract their wishes.
I wish we could at least cheer him up when he isn't at the EBD.
What if the Gauna didn't just take human form,
What would be the difference between that placenta and the real human being?
Morning?he had a wet dream?
More have fallen.
Nagate!
I want to talk to you.
Want to go on a little vacation soon?
Sounds good.
Hoshijiro!
Yeah!
Something up, Grandma?
She hasn't been home much lately because of work.
An experiment?
We have to reevaluate our tactics now.
It has no recoil and works fine for stripping away their placenta,
Perhaps for a secret ceremony the details of which are only known to the head of the family?
Are you really sure about this?
We can put him to sleep now.
but the man sitting in the center there
Sooner or later you will need me.
...power...
Try talking to it.
Are you okay?
Why does Tsugumori have a Kabizashi?
Among their research projects, the placenta sample from G491 is highest priority.
Leave me alone!
Morning?he had a wet dream?
I mean, look at the Hoshijiro placenta!
She's... standing on the floor!
Really?
It's always looking in the same direction.
It's not really well-known and doesn't appear in Guide To Sidonia.
And this here is the key that will allow us to enter the facility.
There's no way we'll get in with just one key.
It opened.
Nagate?
Let's go.
What now?
Where are we?
MSCF!
It's a high-security isolation ward.
This is completely off-limits to me normally.
Are you a Council member?
Yuhata!
It appears there were unresolved problems piloting it.
Guess you over there must be the famous Tanikaze then.
Well, she really is wearing a mechanic's suit.
We have high hopes to drastically reduce its bulk.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
One enemy.
Sasaki-san!
I've used it countless times underground!
"The physical energy of the impact destroys the placenta while the artificial kabi wounds the core."
Tanikaze is 230 kilometers from the Gauna.
Guess the Gauna is out of range.
I'm not surprised.
Bubble disintegration confirmed.
No damage to emigrant ship.
Easy, you two.
Sorry.
It can't be a coincidence.
What's that? Doesn't look fun at all.
"Faces in the ceiling."
It opened.
My Grandpa and I often had to fix stuff up.
Did I screw something up?
What about Yuhata?
The Kunato family is not cleared to pass it.
Yes.
Right. Been told.
You kept me waiting!
We have high hopes to drastically reduce its bulk.
What?
It's untested!
Now listen!
for the experimental equipment is based on simulators from a century ago.2
The things Tanikaze claims are not necessarily wrong.
If we just sit here, the emigrants will die!
Please!
What's Tanikaze's situation?
Has it become that disposable?
The recoil threw him off balance!
What just happened?
Izana!
We now have basically no time left together.
Wait!
Leave me alone!
Located in Sidonia's present path. Approaching at high speed.
Eight thousand times our volume!
All hands.
Please brace for emergency acceleration and stay indoors.
What's the placenta Hoshijiro doing?
I will.
Cease acceleration.
Six hours.
Course prediction sights' range is 1.05 million kilometers.
Platoon 2 commander. Roger.
We're in formation.
The recoil control systems were improved since the last battle, right?
Relative speed is zero.
What the hell is this?!
bgIt's so huge!
Platoon 2 commander! Roger!
Platoon 1 commander! Roger!
Fire!
Platoon, cast off your long barrels!
Shed it!
All right! We got another one!
Another seven!
We've lost all contact to platoon 2.
Platoon 1 is low on CPP ammo!
We now have basically no time left together.
A hive type, huh?
It formed its placenta around a dwarf planet?
I will change our trajectory 0.5 using thruster No. 2 to perform evasive measures.
Do it.
Firing thruster one.
Killing thrusters.
No damage to residential areas.
It is back on a collision course.
Captain, permission to use our experimental weapon.
There won't be any detailed adjustments, then.
Synchronize the recoil control systems and the backpack propulsion system first.
Once your squad has been equipped, launch immediately.
Lend me your aid.
I'm not confident at all that I will be able to equal your hero from the past,
Some here are barely more than trainees!
What the hell is this?!
Target hits confirmed.
This is platoon 2!
We're almost there, platoon 2!
Platoon 1 is low on CPP ammo!
Roger.
Platoon 1.
Enter through that hole and slay the Master Gauna.
Connect the charger directly to the main Hyggs supply.
Power and gravity to residential areas will be cut.
Please make sure to affix your safety harness.
Prepare our ship for departure, just in case.
I can't see anything! I can't do it!
Tanikaze-san!
Negligible damage to frame.
There's nothing we can do at his altitude!
Nagate!
Know what I mean?
One frame heavily damaged.
Benisuzume is closing in.
I can see it!
That's the Master Gauna!
Zoom in! Do it!
Any day is fine.
Thanks!
Approximately two hundred.
It's going to catch up with us later.
Ten seconds until impact.
Shock waves spreading.
Massive damage to G542's placenta!
Complete success!
It's you who gets all the special gear again, huh?
What?
High velocity Gauna detected!
Tsugumori!
But you're alone!
The pilot however is unconscious!
The engine will overload.
They're breaking away from G542's surface.
No response!
Tanikaze's accelerator is heavily damaged.
Under two minutes.
Where are the others?
Zoom in! Do it!
You're a great pilot, Kunato!
Let's protect Sidonia together again!
If we were able to extract all the information from the auxiliary brain,
Cacti?
You wouldn't happen to be that pilot, Kunato-san?
but I intend to bring as much focus and drive I had as a pilot
Kunato?
You did well in your battle with Benisuzume.
Nagate hasn't been eating much lately.
We're practically swimming in Gauna core-piercing projectiles.
There is one target.
All frames within range.
The other two squads will take a forward echelon formation and back him up.
Tanikaze, engaging!
Roger!
Placenta is regenerating around impact location!
New Gauna at high speed.
Thank you, Father.
K-Kunato-kun.
Tanikaze!
Gardes squads, prioritize destroying the Gauna's core.
I want an analysis of the new Gauna.
Explain, Kunato.
I'll be fine.
Now you better get yourself to the hospital.
All data has been retrieved from the auxiliary brain.
Yes?
However, he also drove Sidonia to the brink of destruction.
with all the resilience that comes with it.
and Sidonia might be the last refuge of the human race.
Did you injure your arm?
You're no different from the Gauna!
I hope you'll come see me again.
Ochiai's clone.
I attend in Captain Kobayashi's place.
if you did not notice me.
You were allowed to live merely as a key to the auxiliary brain.
I object.
Good work.
Yeah.
Lift the state of emergency!
Lift it!
No chimeras!
We should be able to improve the cockpit armor of about 60 Type 18s.
Sure!
Really?
Calm down, En. Let's talk about that later.
En!
"Kunato Development Representative Joins Advisory Board."
You too, Yuhata.
Did it remain invisible to our sensors this entire time?
No. I want you to attack together with the Gardes.
The Gardes squads will make contact with the Gauna and assume a combat formation.
Fire is hitting second wave!
All Gardes units are undamaged.No damage on Gardes units. Hits still being recorded on the second wave.
Surround and annihilate them between you.
Volume is rapidly expanding.
We have no information from the inside.
Focus on observing the situation outside.
Copy!
Tsumugi!
Get away from the Gauna.
I want a damage estimate for when it fires.
All frames, look for the two units we've lost contact with.
Tsumugi!
Desire.
Sidonia!
What about Tsumugi?
Take it easy, will you?
That attitude has its charms.
But it also worries me.
Yeah.
Really?
You looked rather happy in your sleep.
You're all right!
Be gentle.
The large hive cluster is currently located on the far side of the Lem star.
I think this room is a little larger than the last one too.
You've been really quiet.
Good idea!
Why are you in such a rush, Nagate?
There it is!
Look at all those people there!
I'm getting another call.
All right, I'll hang up.
See you, Grandma.
I'm just glad to see you're okay.
Izana?
The control systems have been installed, Doctor Shinatose.
I would need half a year to repeat the placental mimicry experiments.experiments relating to the imitation ability of placenta... i put shapechange, not sure whats better. pls suggest
The activation test will take place as planned.
Good acceleration.
It feels good to have perfected the new propulsion system.
Gardes squad, you will now attempt to enter formation with the chimera Tsumugi.
Let's try.
Yes, I suppose.
Please be nice to Tsumugi.
Thank you again.
The outer wall?!
Did anything nice come in?
It's the Graviton Beam Emitter.
O-Oh, okay.
Do you want to move there with me?
Izana?
That's good.
Yup!
I found this one on the wall in the back.
I think Izana is sleeping.
No interference detected.
Successful emission.
We're not getting any system malfunction reports from the residential areas.
No trace of the missing matter around the dwarf planet.
Numi-chan!
Is that still not enough?
Its arms are stretching into Sidonia.
There is no indication how it reached Sidonia's shell.
Everything inside is classified.
Why aren't we getting any updates?
The placental arms keep expanding.
Roger!
The commander ordered us to evacuate!
It appears to have been vaporized.
Focus on investigating the area.
Tanikaze speaking. My squad has reached the site of the explosion.
We're receiving damage reports from the entirety of the 14th outer wall sector.
bgClose the bulkhead!
Since we're forced to rely on the placenta, we have no way to prevent a repeat of this incident.
The project has failed.
It will be a great asset to us.
Understood.
Here, En. Ren.
I got totally carried away with the food.
Thank you.
Top me off!
Body parameters exceed error margin.
What?!
I told you this is my suit!
Ouch!
What's wrong, guys?
Yu-Yuhata!
Hide Tsumugi!
I see.
Yuhata-san, yours look a lot more impressive when you're wearing clothes.
My gender could have changed for any number of reasons!
Why was she mad at us?
Sure!
Answer!
So, intersex people adapt depending on their chosen partner.
I won't crash into you.
How could you tell how I feel?
Why?
What is it?
Yay!
You're home, Grandma.
And your arm?!
Right! Izana.
Pretty... unusual... design, Grandma.
What?!
Sure.
The Type 17 Tsugumori!
And who is
Let's take this way home.
Shinatose speaking.
I was right behind you on the way home!
Welcome back.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
It's in the Top Ten of 100 Sights of Sidonia.
We can take tomorrow and the day after off.
Yeah.
I wasn't sure if we'd be able to arrange lodging fast enough.
I'm completely serious!
I guess you don't want to spend a night in some decrepit place.
Later!
This is the entrance, huh?
Look!
I-Izana.
Important Cultural Properties Inspection?
the Thousand Year Village.
Alone today?
Anytime!
Now over there.
I sent you a map with instructions.
Tsumugi.
Next up is the blast walls.
I could stare at this forever.
Nagate.
Forget it!
I'm sorry, Yuhata-san.
Sidonia entered the outer limits of the Lem star system early today.
It's done!
Forgive me, but you stuck artificial kabi on the tip, right?
I have to take their place.
And be careful!
Once you have confirmed your orders, board your frames.
Roger.
Suspension elevator operation nominal. Launch path is open.
Launch Hayakaze.
Remain in formation.
Hayakaze will decelerate to permit linkup.
Recon platoon will make contact with Hayakaze while in formation.
Go walk it off.
Be careful.
We're traversing the rings.
No irregularities.
Shit!
It's too large!
All frames, disperse!
I hate this!
Entry.
Of course I do!
Recon platoon, discard Hayakaze and evade the Gauna!
I hate this!
Multiple Gauna contacts approaching from the sides.
Planet Nine will be the base from which we launch our attack on the large hive cluster.
Shouldn't we attempt to support the recon platoon?
Roger.
I'll be fine.
We're fine.
Chimera, launching.
I see!
Tsumugi, end formation!
Wow.
It's amazing.
It looks the same as the Tsugumori Mk. II,
Yeah.
This is blowing my mind.
That wasn't a Gauna chasing us.
It's coming.
The others are coming too.
This way!
No.
Did he deploy his recoil spades to stabilize the frame?
Why can't you give me Tanikaze's status?!
Tsumugi!
Shit!
The frame has lost power.
ETA is only minutes!
You're going to send him out as bait?
One hundred enemy cores remain.
We can do it!
We've destroyed so many Gauna.
I'll try.
Show me your medal.
I expect great things from you.
We are taking care of it as a valuable specimen.
Who the hell are you?
Take this with you.
I'll teach you how to fight Gauna.
Thanks.
Now go.
They have no spines at all.
There is nothing to criticize.
I think we wouldn't be able to function as a single race anymore
Oh, I see.
I had no idea what to say.
Well, duh!
Hoshijiro?
H-Hold on a second!
Don't tell me you're slicing her up!
you mustn't let it blind you.
You did well in your battle with Benisuzume.
I think so too.
The exobiology division used to request his presence a lot,
They say they developed a new production method.
New how?
It must be several times larger than the previous hive types.
That engine thrust is crazy!
Tanikaze will engage from maximum range.
What?
I think that's the only way.
Tanikaze!
Placenta is further regenerating!
Equip your core-piercing projectiles.
Second Gauna is on a collision course with Tanikaze's and Ren's frames!
Extremely high-density Hyggs particle reaction detected in new Gauna!
Well done.
Are you okay, Tanikaze?
I'll finish this while they're attacking each other.
I want an analysis of the new Gauna.
Still growing!
I'll be fine.
It is an honor and a privilege to meet all of you.
Do you have some sort of proof it isn't going to eat us or contaminate the ship?
This is precisely how the scientist Ochiai almost got Sidonia destroyed!
But there is no need to pilot this chimera.
What are you doing?
Allow us to take our leave.
I don't mind.
Oh, okay.
None.
Ochiai's clone.
The line of sight from Planet Seven is blocked by the system's sun.
Yeah.
Lift the state of emergency!
Just business as usual.
You're not doing too bad yourself for how new you are.
We should be able to improve the cockpit armor of about 60 Type 18s.
It wasn't worth recording.
That must be the Lem star system.
Sidonia has utterly no hope of victory given its current state.
I also believe we have to exterminate the Gauna, just like you do.
It looks so fluffy and soft.
What happened after that?
but after having been out for so long, I bet she's starving.
You two come down here quite often yourselves, don't you?
I'm not a pilot.
High-density Hyggs particle reaction straight ahead!
Gardes squads launch preparations ongoing.
Tanikaze, launching!
Father, the placenta is contracting.
They mean to crush us.
Another 103 Gauna are approaching Sidonia.
Adjusting line of contact to 405.
Reaction from the Gauna entrapping Tsumugi.
Retreat immediately.
Can you hear me?
No, Tsumugi!
You are exhausted from battle.
Damn it! I'll hit Tsumugi!
Izana!
Izana!
Multiple impacts confirmed.
All Gardes! Attack the emitter!
Go towards effective firing range quickly!
All frames, aim for the center of that hole!
Sidonia!
It missed.
The beam was deflected when it hit Tsumugi and Shinatose.
Tanikaze!
Fire!
Izana, can you hear me?
Shinatose, heavy damage!
Tanikaze.
I will make sure Tsumugi is returned to normal.
But the large hive cluster is approaching the Lem star system.
Will he be okay?
Yeah.
There's no way that's gonna fly.
I'm fine.
Bow thrusters are now exposed.
We're almost there.
Fire both bow thrusters.
The residential tower!
Never in my short life did I ever think I would one day
Stop making fun of me, Grandma.
Izana?
What's wrong?
You're a lifesaver.
Thanks.
I wonder what it is.
but controlling the parts made of placenta is proving difficult.
What was that?
How do you even generate thrust, anyway?
Sadly, many things are still unclear.
I think Tsumugi really likes you.
Do you have something closer to the East side?
"This weapon penetrates anything!"
Thank you for showing me the object.
That's the Residence Bureau.
You know, if you're okay with it
Only if you want.
Isn't it possible we are just too different to communicate on any level?
We should go to bed.
I was convinced we were going to mine it when the Captain ordered a course
Hyggs particle supply line control nominal.
Emitter is active.
Firing solution reached.
Magnificent.
What the hell?
XO, look at this.
Where are they coming from?
Put it on the screen.
Top secret?
I'll cut the particle supply.
A Gauna is penetrating Sidonia's armored shell!
I'm not sure.
bgPilots are on board.
bgSquads are on standby.
We have orders to evacuate!
The placental arms keep expanding.
Frame 097, answer.
What was that explosion?
This way.
Four Gardes frames can link up under its armor.
Do you have some time for me once your shift is over?
Uh, sure.
The war will be fierce once we enter the Lem star system.
Thank you.
We will soon have a Gardes fusion exercise."link up"?
Won't I be in the way?
Quiet, Yuhata!
Why was she mad at us?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
I'm getting out!
What's up?
I think we're all rooting for him.
Come on, turn that frown upside down.
Now you're surprised.
Tsumugi!
What's up, Tsumugi?
What's going on?
What is it?
All right.
I wonder what it could possibly be.
There are plenty of empty rooms for you.
Good morning.
Okay.
How's your new place?
Pretty... unusual... design, Grandma.
I guess I got a bit carried away remembering the past.
I have to go back to work right now.
I'm sorry!
You dropped something.
What's going on?
Want to go home in formation?
Hey, Izana. Done for today?
Announcement.
You've never done this before, right?
What is it?
I have to investigate the Thousand Year Village tomorrow.
I'm completely serious!
What are you doing?!
You're up early, eh?
See you later!
Nagate?
Holy cow.
construction material and armor plating are located in the storage area.
Things sure calmed down here.
Want to try flying with me?
I've found a way to infiltrate the Thousand Year Village.
Tsumugi.
What are you doing?
Bed in order.
Remain on standby within the Thousand Year Village until 1000 tomorrow.
So we just have to stay here?
What do you want to do?
Let's try it out!
Um... Right!
Let's bring Tsumugi next time.
Please forget I said anything.
Is this really the best course for Sidonia?
It's called Hayakaze and we'll do test flights along with recon around Planet Nine.
Forgive me, but you stuck artificial kabi on the tip, right?
This may be just recon, but we'll still at war!
Stop dallying around!
Recon platoon is ready for launch.
Suspension elevator operation nominal. Launch path is open.
We're traversing the rings.
Don't let yourselves be dazzled by the rings.
What was that?
What is this?!
Planet Nine recon platoon has launched.
Yuhata!
We have no time to fine-tune it.
We're fine.
Go!
No contact.
They work really well together.
Most likely a Hyggs cannon.
Extending sensor range.
He crashed at very high speed.
Respond.
What about my frame?
Wow.
Tsumugi?
It understands the environment.
Comparing placenta interference wave pattern to database.
Measuring Hyggs particle density.
It's far larger than any previous Gauna!
They stand out.
Chimera Tsumugi speaking.
Roger.
I'm surrounded!
Placenta is compromising your frame!
Decisive battle.
Several Gauna contacts in Tanikaze's vicinity!
Defend Tanikaze and Tsumugi from the Gauna until the rest of the force arrives.
You're going to send him out as bait?
Second wave has reached the orbit.
Maximize your firepower.
We can't eject the placenta from the cockpit without endangering the pilot.
Yes.
Sidonia successfully entered its orbit around Planet Nine today.
Hey, Tanikaze.
Show me your medal.
Important things must have a spare.
Who the hell are you?
Pilot Tanikaze!
Or, well, so they say.
I'll pass.
Do you think this is some sort of game?
Did we make Yamano angry?
You're still healthy.
One day, he dies, and then you slowly run out of supplies.
You know, I don't get any results when I look up your name in the registry.
Is this the police station the man who appeared from underground was brought to?
Someone wishes to vouch for your identity.
Huh? I heard he was a rice thief.
The Type 17 on display is gone.
Let them.
You have contact boots.
Tanikaze.
They're really letting the new student pilot it?
Bring it back in one piece or I'll kick your ass!
That's enough.
Roger.
A Gauna?!
Yamano's frame, severe damage!
A Gauna has appeared!
Roger.
Just don't get in the way.
Yamano's armor is failing!
The Gauna is copying pilot Yamano!
Pull out, Tanikaze!
Roger!
The brass are lying to you!
Ignore them.
Tell us about the Gauna!
During the Fourth Gauna Defense War, our food factory was destroyed.
Tanikaze!
No, I don't.
Want to come with me?
Must've been pretty traumatic.
I see. That explains it.
The Type 18s were built by Kunato instead of Toha, so the design is fundamentally different.Toha Heavy Industries is a recurring name in Nihei's works
I think it's fine, but they told me not to take the cast off.
He was on the team that encountered the Gauna that was repelled a few days ago.
These four are Sidonia's finest Gardes pilots.the best Gardes pilots Sidonia has to offer.
Got it?
It didn't seem that different from the simulation.
It's been a while since I last came to the academy.
Please. To meet you, obviously!
They want to know more about the enemy!
Yes.
So nice to meet you in person!
Copy that. Preparing Heigus particle cannon.
Roger. The target's Gauna 487.
Yes, ma'am.
Annihilation failed. No change in target's trajectory.
The artificial gravity field is only effective up to 1G.
If we accelerate diagonally at level five...
Heavy damage to residential tower.
Gauna 487 will make contact with Sidonia in five seconds.
Gauna 487 is circling around.
Right away.
Defense squad, prepare for launch.
Kabizashi retrieval team, all Gardes launch.
Akai told us: "After meeting Tanikaze the other day, my nervousness disappeared."
Yes, sir!
Understood!
What's the delay? Tell them to speed it up.
Don't think about anything else.
You're right. Sorry.
It's not over here either.
What?
What?
This is Hoshijiro.
Hoshijiro!
She's accelerating in the opposite direction from Sidonia's current course.
This is bad! It's going to explode!
The Gauna is 2,000 kilometers away.
Tanikaze has the Kabizashi and is heading towards the Gauna!
Contact!
He's about to cross the point of no return.
I know. I'm sorry.
Tanikaze used his high speed pulseblade and 30 of his rapid fire ammo.
With its propulsion system, it will take it about three days to reach Sidonia.
Hold on! I'll call a medic!
Got it?
Congratulations, Kunato.
He's pretty good.
Aoki is in astonishing shape again!
Hiyama-san!
Kunato jumps right into it!
You're Tanikaze Nagate-san, right?
They must have been about this close to you.
It has already healed,
That footage isn't available to students!
announcerThirty seconds left on the clock!
Good evening, Tanikaze-kun.
Are you okay?!
Akai Mochikuni is the winner.
They're really good in a team.
Wow!
Speaking of which, are we the only ones here?
To celebrate our victory.
We'll be fine.
Ten seconds until initial contact with G487 at projected intercept point.
Subjugation Squad has engaged G487.
First volley, all hits!
Firing Hyggs cannon!
Leave her!
Firing Hyggs cannon.
All frames, disperse!Spread out!
Momose!
Focus on the mission!
Choice.
Momose, cardiopulmonary arrest.
Change detected in G487!
Keep the Gardes on standby.
And only for vertical acceleration!
Please! Let me on!
What are you doing here?
I got this!
It's not enough.
Full ahead!
It's clearing the final defensive area.
What's the Gauna's trajectory?
Good.
Launch the retrieval squad next.
Launching all retrieval frames.
Roger.
Don't think about it.
Sorry about that.
Where is the Gauna?
Good.
Good.
It's heading for the retrieval squad.
What?
Relaying video.
Impossible!
Link lost to Kunato and Honoka frames!
Kill the thrusters! Quick!
I can't! I have no control!
Hoshijiro frame lost!
Contact with pilot lost!
bgTow Honoka and Kunato back and evacuate the vicinity at once.
bgCan you hear me, Tanikaze?
bgTow Honoka and Kunato back and evacuate the vicinity at once.
What's he planning?
Obey your orders, Tanikaze!
Hyggs reaction inside Gauna.
Nagate killed the Gauna!
Tanikaze has crossed the line of no return.
Gauna has fired its Hyggs particle cannon.
Tanikaze has crossed the line of no return.
Okay.
We're almost there!
I know.
I didn't want you to come for me, so I didn't respond.
Oh, no.
This is making me hungry.
Eight combat rations over here.
Yeah.
You should've seen how proud he was when I broke his record by the time I turned six.
Er... Nothing.
Okay, you, Kunato.
Aposimz.
Don't be like that.
Here.
That was the first time it appeared like that in almost two hundred years after the first contact.
Isn't it possible we are just too different to communicate on any level?
What's wrong, Tanikaze-kun?
Drink slowly.
Wow.
We will survive!
Okay!
I think you know what I mean.
I'm gonna toast you later.
Cut the chatter, frame 007.
Let's go back to Sidonia.
with the famous frame of the frame we know so well from its service in the Fourth Gauna Defense War.
Please allow a more detailed examination.
And there's somewhere I want to go.
It's been three weeks since the acceleration.
Tanikaze's skill as a pilot will be of great use to us.
We simply advocate the course of action that best protects Sidonia and the human race.
Good to know.
The Kabizashi retrieval squad served with valor in the last battle.
Honoka En, and Tanikaze Nagate full Gardes pilots.
Yeah.
What do you do exactly?kouhai lol
Tanikaze-san!
Get in.
Why did my grandpa never let me go up?
You recommended yourself.
There you are, Tanikaze-san!
Tanikaze-kun.
What about the Gauna, Izana?
We managed to repel the hive-type Gauna, and of the 29 constituents, only a single one has escaped.
The same responsibility lies with me, having not issued the right commands.
Target is a hive-type Gauna 830 meters in length.
The presence of a Master Gauna is certain.not just likely, there has to be one
Doing so would significantly reduce the size of their placenta.
Roger.
Core exposed!
Detonate the charges!
Weren't we going to do this together?
The Gauna is detonating the lost charges!
We're pulling back!
No, Hoshijiro!
Tanikaze-kun!
There are some who advocate suspending Tanikaze Nagate.
Letting him pilot the renowned Tsugumori may have backfired.
How's he doing?
He wouldn't come out?
Sidonia must disarm entirely!
The Gauna won't wait for your tears to dry.
Are you okay?
Come on, go.
All right.
But I will not stop the war.
I will.
I understand.
You must be hungry, Nagate.
Origin of hive-type Gauna G488.
Put rogue planet N 68203L on the screen.
Missile loaded with high-pressure implosion warhead.
Why?!
More talented than anyone before you.
I don't want to!
No, three!
Roger.
Is that wound on your head really okay?
Yeah.
Sortie?ts
It was repaired...
Tanikaze Nagate speaking.
Launch them immediately.
Tanikaze.
Is that a humanoid type?
The enemy Gauna have dispersed.
Tanikaze will support me.
It's fast!
Kunato! Assist Nakazono with your squad at once!
Be careful!
Don't, Hoshijiro!
Where is it?
Mission over.
A Hoshijiro Shizuka reproduced using Gauna placenta.
There must be no immortals other than us.
It makes the very idea of a seed ship absurd.
We are ready.
Good.
Welcome back, Hiyama-san.
We can transplant his brain into a clone and seal away his memories,
allowing us to access it safely.
Hiroki!
Silence!
Why did Hiroki take Shinatose hostage?
We won't be able to put him back in!
Did you plan on leaving him in there until adulthood?
This is my child!
Well, don't you want to cheer up Hiyama-san?
Is... that you... Hoshijiro?
On to the next matter.
We can't handle that!
bgShe has to be joking.
Something up, Grandma?
Catch you later.
She hasn't been home much lately because of work.
Trainee Shinatose.
An experiment?
Welcome.
Anything you'd like?
The usual.
Gotcha.
They've reproduced something very similar to a human.
Man, I think this makes it easier, if anything.
Are you really sure about this?
Brain waves normal.
Limiters successfully removed.
Sidonia is not a ghost ship yet.
Hey, are you listening to me, Nagate?
Okay.
What's wrong?
Stop it, Hoshijiro!
Do you think...
You see, I have the day off.
That's decided, then!
What were you thinking?
Thank you!
"The mystery of the Immortal Council."
There's no way we'll get in with just one key.
Getting this key was quite difficult.
What?! You're going in?
Nagate?
I'm not wearing contact boots today!
MSCF!
Izana!
They're both still unconscious.
I'm Shinatose Yure.
Chimera?
Yes.
They think the Gauna won't come if they're unarmed.
Gardes backpack propulsion system.
This is the weapon we want you to test.
How do you know?
What?
Is the propulsion system ready for use?
I can fire in-flight without brakes or control systems too.
Captain!
Sortie.
The backpack propulsion system and the accelerator haven't been synchronized.
"Composite projectile of artificial kabi and ordinary mass."
A summon to HQ?
It looks good on you.
We now have basically no time left together.
Nagate, you went to the placenta again, didn't you?
Leave me alone!
A hive type, huh?
Observation report coming.
I repeat.
All hands.
This is a gravity warning.
Director?
It's too early to say for sure.
All 48 of them.
Synchronize the recoil control systems and the backpack propulsion system first.
Once your squad has been equipped, launch immediately.
Course prediction sights' range is 1.05 million kilometers.
The Gardes squads will exterminate all Gauna around the dwarf planet before the missile impacts.
And there is the huge Gauna nest we call a hive cluster.
I'm not confident at all that I will be able to equal your hero from the past,
And this battle will be under the dwarf planet's gravity.
bgIt's so huge!
I can't see anything! I can't do it!
I'll be late!
My frame is so heavy! I can't!
We can still use our Hyggs cannons too!
Strong Hyggs particle reaction! Emergency evasion!
It's impossible! We can't dodge it!
Roger.
Power and gravity to residential areas will be cut.
Approximately two hundred.
Communication with platoon 2 commander lost!
What are you going to do, Tanikaze?
It's you who gets all the special gear again, huh?
I'll go in, Samari!
Tsugumori has an anti-Hyggs coating.
Reallocating Hyggs particles to residential areas.
Hyggs density in the head is going through the roof!
Izana!
Ten minutes until missile impact!
Sure do.
What about platoon 1?
Keep on monitoring them!
Sidonia was in grave danger of collision.
I was starving most of the time.
I'm Ren.
If we were able to extract all the information from the auxiliary brain,
The Gauna is 2,000 kilometers away.
Get back here, Tanikaze!
Tanikaze?
He was a good grandfather.
That's why you could pilot the Tsugumori so well.
There's growing belief that Sidonia has most likely entered Gauna territory.
Yes, that's right.
In order to investigate more closely,
that was able to penetrate a Gauna's core.
And the only weapon we have against the Gauna, the Kabizashi, was born.
who created the structure containing the Kabi or why it was constructed in the first place.
It's just that we're so different,
What's wrong, Tanikaze?
There isn't any water coming out of here.
What?
W-water.
Tanikaze.
That's amazing.
You got that?
There's nothing to do in the dorms.
Oh, isn't that...?
You were the one who decided to take on what could have easily been avoided.
But if he becomes a problem...
Excuse me, Ms. Hiyama.
The fried chicken is delicious.
I finally feel like I'm at home.
anti-military activists filled the streets,
mounting protests while police officers attempted to keep things under control.
That's because the people are always looking for a hero.
Really? That's awesome.
Congratulations, Tanikaze.
You're Midorikawa's sister, aren't you?
thanks for avenging my brother's death.
Dipping sauce.
Dipping sauce? As in tempura dipping sauce?
Izana! Hold this for me.
Oh, really?
Captain!
What's the reason my grandfather wouldn't let me leave the underground?
Are you okay?
It looked like you ran after the captain.
Oh, yeah. I just wanted to say hi.
Oh, okay.
What? Now?
We've all been cleared.
Opening door.
We will be submerging momentarily.
It looks like we're getting the full tour. And a second one.
It's a Gauna!
I'll leave the personnel up to you.
Tanikaze. This is your fault!
I think you should get some more sleep, Nagate.
It was very impressive.
I'm not satisfied with that.
Had he separated the tail more quickly, you might have had a complete victory.
Resolve.
Second Reclamation Station speaking!
So, did he die?
They caught him and put him in a hospital.
Or, well, so they say.
My dream is to one day use it to protect Sidonia from the Gauna.
Let's go to my place after this.
is no doubt going to help your career once you're a pilot.
The patientthe rice thief has escaped!
Don't avert your eyes from the truth!
Urban combat was a part of it.
You must be Tanikaze Nagate.
Oh, this?
Don't worry.
I have to say, your clothes reek.
Nice to meet you all!
"Nice to meet you"?
Well, it's not that easy to become a Gardes pilot.
It's not exactly the same as the one I used underground, but I'll make do.
I wouldn't have lost with a Type 17!
Wait.
Hey, Yamano!
You're doing great, Nagate!
Tanikaze!
Roger!
Sept formation!
We will not be able to outrun it.
There are no Gauna!
Who do you think you are?!
They are making a fool of you!
The army must lift martial law immediately!
The Gauna have not come back!
The death of Yamano Eiko is a grave loss, but it shall not be in vain.
As soon as he joined, we encountered a Gauna.
Do you know why?
What's that?
Is that a funeral?
I'm sorry.
What are you talking about?
Afternoon classes are starting!
My neck doesn't hurt either, so could you take off the cast?
Right.
Please. To meet you, obviously!
You're Tanikaze Nagate, right?
Honoka Hou and Shinatose used all their spherical explosive ammo.
Got it?
There's tons of great food there.
Midorikawa Yuhata!
How may I help you?
Yes.
Sorry, Tanikaze.
So long.
What are you doing here anyway?
Not too shabby.
Will one of them win by then?
Time to find out!
Thank you.
What's wrong?
Wait!
Thank the heavens.
Neither of you are badly injured.
I'm sorry.
Come in.
No reason to be so formal.
I didn't know this place existed.
It's so wonderful!
I was joking earlier.
I'm sure we can win against the Gauna. Just watch us.
Subjugation Squad has engaged G487.
Hyggs particle cannons authorized.
Placental arms have been severed!
Suppress the placenta's regen.
Damn!
Leave her!
The regen is faster than expected!The placenta is regenerating faster than anticipated!
Midorikawa, expose the core for me.
Momose?
Firing Hyggs cannon.
Momose?
Ready HMD for firing.
HMD projectile impact!
Captain!
Affix your safety harness to a railing at once and brace for acceleration.
Please! Let me on!
Quick, Nagate!
Switch to inertial cruise!
Damage report!
All able pilots and trainees are to report to the Gardes hangar immediately.
Roger.
What was it like?
Looks like you're hungry, so let's continue our discussion another time.
Commence search immediately once we reach the designated area.
Speed it up.
I don't think it's near me either.
What's your status, Tanikaze?
Relaying video.
No! There's no response!
Really?
Nagate killed the Gauna!
Um... I'll go look for Hoshijiro.
Tanikaze, wait!
Come back, Tanikaze!
Strike!
Hoshijiro frame lost!
Tanikaze, are you unhurt?
Come back, Tanikaze!
Com link cut.
End of operations.
There she is!
Truth is, I'm completely out of Hyggs particles.
We have to try to follow Sidonia on the off chance it did stop.
I'm done.
Now that's a sight to behold, Hoshijiro!
Eight combat rations over here.
What?
I see.
You were up, Tanikaze?!
Sorry!
It has been seven days since the uneven acceleration disaster.
You know the answer, right?
Don't be like that.
That expeditionary force encountered a very large, unidentified structure about six hundred years ago.
but a Gauna's flesh, its placenta, sticks to it.
We didn't really learn anything since our first encounter with them.
Goodness.
I have water.
Right!
Transmission from the relay squad.
Are these Gardes?
They've come for us!
Thanks.
Wow.
If Tanikaze grew up learning from Saitou,
It is likely that Sidonia has entered a region of strong Gauna presence.
I got my hands on some really good gravity chicken today.im assuming that just as with gravity rice theres inferior food made under zero gravity conditions
However, with the terrible casualties from the acceleration,
They are a powder keg, with no telling what will spark full-scale riots.
Now's your chance to apologize, En.
Here's something we can be proud of.
Thank you.
Huh? What's wrong?
Let him through.
Well, I don't understand why you'd show your face to me.
Please
Two persons are in the bathysphere.
It's an amalgam of numerous bodies with a thick, unified placenta.
I felt like I was returning to the sea that birthed me.
Let's go back inside.
We managed to repel the hive-type Gauna, and of the 29 constituents, only a single one has escaped.
Kunato's squad will immediately attempt to sever the tail.
Dissolve formation!
Behind you!
Shit!
They have reached it and are now preparing the explosives.
Detonate the charges!
Detonating!
Kunato didn't give the signal yet!
Aborting mission.
Enter a 118-frame formation!
The Gauna is detonating the lost charges!
It wasn't Tanikaze's fault alone that the tail was not severed.line needs changing for batch
Are you listening to me? This is a direct order!
Come back!
Why, Kunato?
Supplementing the survivors of the previous battle are these fifteen former trainees.
I'm cleaning this now.
The Gauna won't wait for your tears to dry.
I'm gonna clean up this mess.
Let's go, Nagate!
Wait here!
But I'm not a girl.
War criminal!
Origin of hive-type Gauna G488.
Use the anti-planet missile.I want an exterminatus.use the anti planetary guided projectile
Roger.
I repeat.
Missile trajectory within error margin.
Impact in 5 seconds.
Abnormality!
You're finally eating again.
Yeah, it's fine now.
I can still pilot.
Enter formation immediately after launch.
Tanikaze.
Nothing else.
Yes.
Undead.
Processing image.
Roger.
The Gauna is using Hoshijiro's com signal!
Samari speaking.
Tanikaze!
What's wrong, Tanikaze?
It's hopeless!
Hou, behind you!
"Gauna on Sidonia's course rebuffed."
There must be no immortals other than us.
Just like Saitou.
We are ready.
There are no other inhabitants on Sidonia.
You're leaving out Ochiai.
Thanks to him most of Sidonia's main archives are lost.
Give me time!
En garde!
So fast!
Damn you!
Go!
She's always so nice to us.
Well...
I guess this won't end until we take out the host core.
The Gauna's turned its attention to the tail.
Reestablish formation 118.
Abandon the tail.
I tried to do everything I could,
Come on, open your eyes!
Tanikaze!
Hurry, Tanikaze!
Kunato...!
I believe this is blowback from allowing him to pilot the Tsugumori,
Then no matter how hard things get, you need to be ready to fight.
Oh, but the door...
The desire to leave Sidonia is growing.
the majority will believe that the Kabizashi will attract the Gauna.
Ridiculous.
Nagate, you're hungry, aren't you?
His first battle since becoming an official pilot. What a joke.
Since you're a cute lady, I threw in a drink on the house.
Except that I'm not actually a girl.
What?
I can't stop eating.
Let's go somewhere else.
We will launch a surprise attack while we have distance on them,
Opening!
IPM ready to launch!
More than any other I've ever seen.
I don't want it!
Tinne till innpact: Three, two, one.
Gravitational collapse confirmed!
Two objects under 1 kilometer.
Pick the members yourself.
It's good.
I'm glad you get to finally eat.
Yeah. I'm okay now.
But I am glad to see that you cheered up a little bit.
Nagate?
All units, launch now!
Tanikaze.
Stabilizing image.
No. It's 702.
It's still a Gauna!shortened sentence
I'll come home when I have time off.
She hasn't been home much lately because of work.
Trainee Shinatose.
I'm sure you know this already,
I'm Trainee Shinatose Izana.
Speaking of which,
We have to reevaluate our tactics now.
Man, I think this makes it easier, if anything.
A pilot has no regrets.
I will now remove the brain limiters.
We can put him to sleep now.
Sooner or later you will need me.
Onto the next news item.
We're probably going to be promoted, what with the lack in manpower.
Want to go eat there?
Sorry, you two.
Again?she sounds like a jealous bitch
Uh, okay.
Are you okay?
Among their research projects, the placenta sample from G491 is highest priority.
I would be forced to answer that the person at the core of both beings would be the same.
Do you think...
I want to talk to you.
No!
because you said you had the perfect plan.
Who knew the ground lake could be so beautiful?
Come on, let's just go back.
Getting this key was quite difficult.
Nothing much... You just hit me with your elbow a couple of times.
Hey! Come here!
It stopped.
Did I screw something up?
Grandchild?
This is the secret history of the Fourth Defense War.
The Kunato family is not cleared to pass it.
Yeah, thanks for piloting my stuff.
This simulator is still under development.
I've used it countless times underground!
The backpack propulsion system and the accelerator haven't been synchronized.
"Composite projectile of artificial kabi and ordinary mass."
"The physical energy of the impact destroys the placenta while the artificial kabi wounds the core."
But will he make it in time, even with the new propulsion system?
I'm not surprised.
Stupid Nagate.
It looks good on you.
Especially among new recruits.
It's closing in at high speed.
Nagate, you went to the placenta again, didn't you?
All hands.
I repeat.
There is no doubt the Gauna are drawn to kabi.
I will.
Even at maximum acceleration, we cannot outmaneuver G542.
All 48 of them.
Prepare for 48 frame formation.
We're in formation.
Bridge to Gardes squads.
Roger.
I should have been your pilot.
bgHow am I supposed to fight this monster?!
Proceed as planned.
All platoon squads, prepare for battle!
This is platoon 2!
Platoon 2 is incurring massive losses!
Another seven!
One hour until missile impacts.
Prepare Hyggs cannons!
Try it.
We will slay the Master Gauna!
Shutting down all normal Hyggs pathways and rerouting them to the cannon.
I repeat.
To all hands.
Leaving Kobayashi in charge was a mistake.
Super Hyggs Particle Accelerator has reached critical focus point.
Fire.
Orbit the Gauna!
I can't see anything! I can't do it!
It's impossible! We can't dodge it!
Where's Nagate?
That's why I'm going alone.
Response from the Gauna!
It's Benisuzume!
The engine will overload.
We're under 10 on Hyggs particle storage!
Know what I mean?
Missile will impact the dwarf planet!
Where are the others?
Our military reacted to the danger,
Kunato!
But you, too, Kunato, are one of the many people on Sidonia I love and want to be happy.
It was just an accident.
Enemy Gauna have dispersed!
Affirmative!
Kunato's squad is pursuing Gauna 491!
Don't let up on the assault!
All teams, give me a status update!
Is it really Hoshijiro?
Kunato!
Another enemy craft down.
Squad, Heigus cannons, fire now!
This is Nakazono! It's no use. I can't shake it!
Retrieve Nakazono's Kabizashi!
Hou! Behind you!
Samari squad, we've rendezvoused with Kunato!
Further pursuit won't allow for prolonged combat.
What are they talking about?
I know that one of the three is alive.
It's their idea.
Just like Saito.
Captain, we've finished preparing the Resurrection ritual.
That was when we pledged our lives and knowledge to serve Sidonia,
Kobayashi, what are you planning on doing?
Captain?
Excuse me.
The truth is, he's fought hard for so long!
He was just tired.
Don't strain yourself.
Oh, all right, that does it! You know that I hate being called by my first name.
Don't make me bite your head off.
That's a perfectly fine birth weight.
Kobayashi, no, you didn't!
You're planning on keeping him locked in here until he's completely matured?
What good would a person like that be?
Don't let up on the assault!
Oh, I need to go. I'm sorry, Grandma.
Why exactly did Nagate get called here?
To see if it has human-like intelligence or not.
What? Your name?
Oh, Tsuruuchi.
Were you actually able to learn anything from it?
The mere fact that Gauna actually possess human-like intelligence... it changes things.
In a Heigus particle cannon fight, we wouldn't lose.
Huh?
I need to get three assists to win a photosynthesizing session for two with Samari.
They've been preparing for this special ritual since yesterday.
We no longer need to keep him conscious for the task.
What exactly are they doing?
but I've been told that the one sitting in the middle is the scientist Ochiai's clone.
What could he have possibly done to deserve such a punishment?
Here's our next story.
Yeah, I am.
How are we supposed to know that?
Wait!
It seems like it's finally calmed down.
Nothing!
It doesn't matter if more pilots are making it back from combat.
Yeah?
Maybe it's because nobody ever goes there.
Reservation under Midorikawa.
I will take you all to your room now.
Numi, I'm classifying this as top-level confidential information.
Be careful who you share it with.
I had to go through a lot to get my hands on this key, you know.
It bumped me again! There's something there!
I used to fix broken things, you know, back when I was living with my grandfather.
They're both sleeping. There's no need to worry about them.
I am Yure Shinatose.
Even Ochiai himself acknowledged the problem.
However, at the same time, by using the hybrid's shell-less core,
Yes, I've heard.
What?
That training device is still in a developmental stage.
Well, then, we'll schedule the test for tomorrow?
we might be able to save the advance group!
A Gauna-core-piercing round and an ultrahigh-speed ballistic driver?
The penetrator has missed the target!
Tanikaze has eliminated the Gauna threat.
Whatever!
Our time isn't up, okay? Not yet!
Collision.
A Gauna has appeared!
They caught him and put him in a hospital.
Creeps me out.
The Mole Man?
Hoshijiro might, but Kunato?
My dream is to one day use it to protect Sidonia from the Gauna.
How odd that he would appear now.
What's her deal, though?
Another one?
You lived underground with your grandfather.You used to live with your grandfather, hiding underground.
Thank you.
I want you to be a Gardes pilot.
Oh, this?
I'm Tanikaze Nagate.
The Mole Man?
Huh? I heard he was a rice thief.
Not really.
The core of a Gauna lies where the brain and spinal cord would be in a human being.
After this, the Gauna will cease its activity and the placenta will disintegrate.
Roger.
I'll fire the cutter.
Tanikaze's frame, moderate damage!
What happened?!
A Gauna?!
Stop right there, you rice thief!
Hoshijiro might, but Kunato?
It's important to have dreams.
Let's go to my place after this.
Is that so, Kobayashi?
As captain of the ship, I will be in charge of his supervision.
then why are we even going through all this training?
Sidonia is ruled by undead!
So you decide to go after the rice facility.
A new face!
I suffered a pretty severe injury when I was younger.
It's never given me any trouble in my line of work.
I have to say, your clothes reek.
"Nice to meet you"?
Thank me later for yesterday.
You can expect your hometown to celebrate if you ever get accepted.
Well, your hand is injured. What can you expect?
You will focus your attacks on a single point, break open the Gauna,
After this, the Gauna will cease its activity and the placenta will disintegrate.
I've never seen someone sweep the floor like that before.
Just a mining op, though.
They're really letting the new student pilot it?
Tanikaze frame: Hyggs engine to reach launch output in 20.
A Gauna?!
I surprise myself
Then why are we stuffed in this hole immediately upon our arrival?!
I need you to give me the "bottle"!
Exactly!
checking to see if you have enough common sense to live in the Ningenkai!
Oh no! I'm going to be late for work!
Ioryogi-san.
Let's see what you're going to do now with that trash.
You'll put this?
But the crows, they seemed to be hungry.
"Dobato" is a good enough name for you!
Yes. Let's do that.
Guess it couldn't be helped...
I am so happy to be of help to you!
There!
B-But it would be a waste not to... hm?
This is good.
Great!
Though I probably can't sing like her mother.
Voices of singing
In all I behold and all that I live for
The baby seems to have stopped crying.
Hey sing us another one!
That was the first time the baby enjoyed someone other than her mother singing for her.
Oh, yes, good night.
Hm?
Kobato Hanato!
It would make you feel so happy
When do you think it will fill up?
Demo "itsuka" tte dore kurai?
Ashita wo shinjiteru
And how are you going to collect those hearts?!
Why don't they talk?
Is there something I can help you with?!
What a wonderful person!
Oh, come on.
Really?!
Huh?
Now it's my turn to give out these wonderful gifts!
What are you doing?
Are you alright?
Yes...
I work here at Yomogi Kindergarten.
We're understaffed you see, so we got delayed in bringing the laundry in.
Uh, y-yes!
Thank you.
Then what is it?
Never mind about the name.
You'd be a great help just carrying on with the children like you were.
Yes!
Huh? I just wanted to thank you properly.
Oh? Are you two friends?
Oh. Well in that case, this is Kiyokazu Fujimoto who has been working here with me.
Yes ma'am!
Let's dance!
They don't actually live here.
I was just playing with them.
Goodbye!
Um... can I come again tomorrow?
Never mind the bottle, you even forgot to take me with you!
Did you think there'd be something in there?
What do you want to do about it?
Would it be okay?
Think about whether it was okay or not after you've actually healed.
You like the swing?
Really?
Th-There's something in here! But, but... why?!
You can do it, Kobato!
Wait a minute!
Then what should I call this thing I just received?
That looks like a kompeito candy so just call it kompeito!
Kompeito... okay. I'm going to call these kompeito.
Never mind. I'm taking the hundred points back!
Ano ko ga anna ni kanashisou na no wa
Please tell me what I can do
What else? I'm going to find a job!
I give up!
Oh no...
Well we could certainly use your help, in particular during the busy weekends.
Are you okay?
Then after you take their order put the cakes in those boxes.
Yes and one of those cream puffs, please.
Apple pie, lemon tart and cream puff.
Kobato!
I'm jealous.
See you!
Good job, Kobato.
Io?
Oh yes. Have a good night.
Yes!
Good morning, Kobato.
Did he just sigh, looking at me?
Huh? Did he do that?
Kobato?
But...
She's helping us out until my hands get better.
Oh is that right?
Do you think that the Bakery Tirol manager is keeping something secret too?
Hey, it's Kobato!
So this is what a detective does.
You're going way off tangent here!
Um, excuse me!
Something is...
I'm out of here. I'm going to use my own investigation network.
You're absolutely right.
Huh?
Who could that be?
For a job at the shop.
Time off?
You must be very exhausted.
I've hired a new girl, which gives you more time.
We can study baking cakes together.
The manager wanted to give Yumi more time off... but Yumi wanted to help him more.
I brought something for you!
I'll keep trying my best! So please take some time off, or go to classes, or whatever.
Hey.
Since we're together
Atarimae no kototte itsumo
Kobato, can I put a ribbon on your doll?
My doll?
Yes.
Ginsei.
Never mind.
The reason Iorogi went to war with Tenkai
was because there was something there that he wanted, no matter what.
After she has filled her bottle with broken human hearts she had healed,
Well, one thing I can say though, is that since Iorogi arrived at Ningenkai...
If my old friends saw me like this, they'd cry!
You've got an important seminar in the afternoon, don't you?
I've helped out here on a number of occasions.
Sure.
Wow, that's wonderful!
Well sir, I'm a bird now. I can't help it.
Give it to the one that loses. For condolence.
Are you going to let them go at it? They're really going to cause a ruckus.
It was Iorogi who named him for his silver eyes.
But you know, I like that name I have now.
If she doesn't exist, there are no more wishes.
That ridiculous personality of hers...
I cannot bring myself to obey you the way you are now!
Ioryogi-san!
He seemed to be having so much fun playing tag with his friend from Ikai,
Thank you very much for finding Ioryogi-san for me.
Minus two-hundred points!
Ioryogi-san. It's autumn.
It smells like autumn.
What is it?
But when will "someday" come?
How many seasons do you have remaining?
Two, sir!
About this much... sir...
Yeah, that's right! They're all old and dirty!
You idiot!
What is it?
Things to play with?
Thank you.
With a long face, happiness will just run away, won't it?
There have been complaints from the neighbors.
No way! It's such a magnificent tree! So grand!
Kohaku?
Are you worried about the ginkgo tree too?
Huh?
But I'm going to ask them properly, so there's nothing to worry about!
Nothing.
It's very happy because yesterday, many small people came to play. It was a lot of fun.
But... but...
Being able to watch over the people it loves.
Can you hear it? Can you hear the ginkgo's song?
I'm sorry.
Kohaku.
Ioryogi-san?
Huh?
Maybe Kohaku's? No, not likely.
You sang that song to it.
I made these from some branches I got from that ginkgo.
Accidentally lost his shadow somewhere
Dou sureba iin dakke?
Be my guest and take as many as you like.
I can't thank you enough.
Ouch...
Are you alone?
Look at all I got!
No! It was a promise. We all carry home what we dug up ourselves!
Wow!
Here you go!
Yes?
Huh?
She's quite healthy.
Wait!
I'm taking this thief to the police.
Just as I thought.
I'm not a potato thief!
Keita? Why did you leave home?
It's where I used to live. My mom switched companies, so we had to move.
No!
Keita.
If you tell us what your house looked like, we might be able to help you find it.
Draw what was around the house too, okay? That will make it easier to find.
That's a big dog.
She read me books and took me camping and to the amusement park on holidays.
Did you want to get a drink?
Conserve?
Is it okay?
It is good.
Next door...
Yoshimura
It seems to be locked.
P-Please...
Well...
Hurry up and put that away!
He wants me to leave! So I decided to leave that home!
Keita!
Grandpa!
Oww! What are you doing, you old fart?
Come! We're going home!
Would you mind erasing first before re-writing?
Dokoka ni wasurete kichatta kara kamo
Kimi ga shiawase ni naru
Issho ni iru kara
On "1, 2, 3!" I'll spread open my arms
And run with all my might
I surprise myself
Ms. Sayaka! Ms. Sayaka!
Please!
Looking up at the big, clear sky
Toshihiko, what are you folding?
I'll fold some too!
Why is it? For some reason, I can't help but worry about Kobato.
Kobato?
Huh?
Just leave the rest to me and go home.
Is that so?
Hey Kobato.
No, never mind.
You look sad, Kobato.
Mhm. That will make Ms. Sayaka better for sure.
Oh and when we eat it, Mom would tell us, "be careful or you'll burn your tongue".
Amazing.
Who is it?!
I'm glad!
Although I actually did most of the cooking.
I didn't think so.
But you're not upset.
When I cried as hard as I could in front of Fujimoto...
So what now? You're supposed to be healing others but you're letting others heal you.
Good morning!
Good morning, Kobato!
Falling leaves again...
Looks like that's going to be tough, too.
Everybody brings something.
Zenshin ni hikari wo atsumete
A bazaar!
We can sell all kinds of things, lots of it, and make money to pay off the debt!
It's one thing for a big school to have one, but we're just a tiny kindergarten.
We can play store!
It's very good.
Don't push yourself.
So that's how Fujimoto smiles.
Thank you, everyone!
Teru teru bozu dolls!
I wonder who brought them.
The weather's usually good when I make the teru teru bozu dolls.
Okay, write them nice and big here.
Mommy is taking time off work starting this month,
And that when the due date arrives, I'm going to shut down the kindergarten.
I don't care if children are attending.
Tell her if she doesn't want anyone injured, to pack her things and go.
I wasn't talking to myself...
Huh?
And he calls her Sayaka!
I'll bring you something that will surely sell.
I will not! I refuse to fall down!
Hello.
We've got iced coffee, too.
But still, this is just a tiny little bazaar.
Yes.
Hey, this is it here!
Ah, yes! Teacher Fujimoto, one iced coffee please!
Thank you very much!
Dokoka ni wasurete kichatta kara kamo
"Arigatou," tte kimi ni ietara
Ittari kitari ureshiku naru
Who else do you know that looks like this? Of course it's me!
What should I do?
And start crying
What in the world is wrong, Ioryogi-san?
Um... well...
Can I get four cuts please?
Sarcasm doesn't get to you anymore does it?
Huh?
I used to do part time work myself. I had a lot of jobs.
There was one boss that wanted me to do everything, it was impossible.
You finished talking? Bye.
Well the hairy part is a bit much, but if you're careful, you can get used to it.
Yeah, to us it was like a bad dream.
That was me!
Now let me see...
Darn kids! Are they all like that?
I'm not something you'd want to eat!
No, not water!
Somebody is going to steal my baumkuchen box.
I'll get you anything you like.
Where is it?
I'll get it this time!
Let's see if you can get it this time.
Damn! You're an adult, don't get so serious!
I will not let myself become a gift for some child to take home!
Because nobody was coming to the bazaar.
Domoto! Thank you for taking the time to come!
Mmm... a rabbit?
Today was a lovely day.
Oh well, I guess we'll just have to go back to the kindergarten to get it.
Add to that my disappointment and the total is minus 300!
Honestly, everyone is already able to fly
That exchange would fill you with joy
Wow!
Dou sureba iin dakke?
Atarimae no kototte itsumo
Na no ni
Machikirenai yo
Zenshin ni hikari wo atsumete
Nan juu kai koronde naite
Mommy?
But...
Well then, please tell Rikako to stay well.
Thanks.
But she seemed very sad.
He doesn't deserve being called that!
But if another child quits, Ms. Sayaka will be so sad!
That's not something you have to worry about!
But...
Domoto?
We even made pictures with fallen leaves!
Digging for sweet potatoes was fun! And lots of people came to our bazaar the other day!
Pay back the money before you talk like that.
It's none of your business.
Okay.
Hey, it's Kobato.
The ambulance.
The operation was successful.
Oh?
What is so amusing?!
I'd say it's not. Thanks for letting me know, anyway.
Why don't you just give up and leave the kindergarten, Fujimoto dear?
We're going to get busy again with Christmas decorating tomorrow. Okay?
Okay.
If Yomogi Kindergarten gets shut down, everyone is going to be so unhappy.
Kobato.
Thank you very much.
Kobato.
Fujimoto.
Well then, see you.
Never mind.
And start crying
Nothing's wrong.
Kobato?
And I'm sure Fujimoto would agree.
Huh? Ah, sure.
Kompeito! A whole bottle full of them!
Oh, I know.
Dobato!
Please join us if you can.
Good morning.
Come to our Christmas party.
Okay!
I'm... fine.
You are? That's good.
Santa!
You're Santa, aren't you?
What do you say I go and get my present, too?
Don't bother going out of your way for me.
But Kobato thinks she's to blame.
She's waiting up there. Kobato.
You did nothing wrong.
You have nothing to feel bad about.
...from the very beginning!
Okay.
Kobato, what did Domoto say when he told you to wait here?
He said he'd bring a present that would be perfect for me.
Precious thoughts spread across in my heart
Snow can be pretty too, can't it?
Since we're together
It's strange how I'm crying
Y-Yes sir...
With the window open all this time,
Really, it's still very cold, isn't it?
Nan juu kai koronde naite
So I thought, why not the kindergarten too?
What is it?
B-Bakery Tirol will give us ingredients!
for the ingredients needed to make the chocolate!
I've still got lots to do!
Right...
Ioryogi-san? Right...
In that case... Ioryogi-san would count as one Ioryogi-san?
In this world, Kurogane is small and blue.
Shut up, white bun!
No, not yet.
But we don't have any of this world's money.
No problem at all! We have a room!
I'm late!
Um, I'm going out, but please stay if you wish. Make yourselves at home.
In that case, we'll help, too.
Mocona will...
We don't get along!
Oh Ioryogi-san is jealous because I'm so cute.
Don't sing, either!
There's a place...
A place I want to go to.
That place...
Let's do our best
Aside from the chocolate, she also gave me some money.
Hey Yoshio, who are you going to give your chocolates to?
It's... raining.
They say my dreams will come true someday
What do you mean, don't worry?!
Yes?
No, you're not the one being troubled.
Kindergarten's about to start.
I'm fine. I'm more worried about him.
Thank you very much!
It doesn't look like it's going to stop any time soon.
Please use it if you like.
What? Is it okay just to take someone's umbrella?
Be careful of that junk food.
Good morning, Kobato.
You were sleeping until the last minute, weren't you?
Let me know if he hassles you, though.
Yes. Like good old days.
Old days?
I'm busy after this.
I wouldn't be caught dead sharing an umbrella with you, anyway.
Hey!
Mutsumi!
Mutsumi...
Our mother said to use this, if you like.
M-May I have a word with you?
Here! Please share this umbrella with Mutsumi!
Mutsumi. Come on.
Don't walk so close to me.
Is that right?
Oh well, whatever. Her heart was healed, and that's what counts.
Do... Ba... To...
You get a ZERO!
You just said you'd give me a good score!
It's okay. It will wash off in the rain!
Nothing will wash off my anger!
Honestly, everyone is already able to fly
But when will "someday" come?
Please tell me what I can do
I make the most of getting hurt
And run with all my might
Yes!
You can make a kindergarten anywhere.
You know better than anyone else!
But please wait until graduation.
Those sheets were just dried and now you're getting them wet again.
Why did he suddenly show up?
We could report you to the police if we wanted to.
Besides...
You're just running around in circles.
Stop talking nonsense!
Let's go look, let's go look
Is that right?
He's the one that's telling us at the kindergarten to leave.
Excuse me!
Young lady, you'd be better off staying out of this.
Mr. Okiura!
Ms. Sayaka.
Fujimoto, what are you talking about?
Even so, I'm not about to forgive him.
Unless you forgive him, he's got no choice but to disappear!
...and by him.
He just left.
Ureshii toki waratte
Doko ni aru no?
Meippai kizu tsuite
Um...
No, you're not fired! That's not it at all!
Feel free to throw it all away.
I'm too busy to go.
Watch where you're going!
What do you want to do?
A-And how is Mr. Okiura?
Ms. Sayaka!
Everyone?!
What?
I kept relying on him.
I should have noticed much sooner for his sake.
I should have told him to do what he wanted to do, for himself.
Not anymore.
But I did tell the landlady.
It will be inconvenient not being able to use one hand.
Please let me know if there's anything I can do for you.
No...
He says you're to collect the kompeito by the next full moon.
You're saying "no"?!
Ima koso watashi warau yo
Because at this rate, the moment you take your eye off of him,
Are always such a challenge
I want to laugh when I'm happy
On "1, 2, 3!" I'll spread open my arms
To where we can have fun.
Kobato is ready! I will row with all my might!
Fujimoto, would you like to try?
Nothing happens without purpose.
For every being. For everything.
Then you're barking up the wrong tree.
Because you mean a lot to me.
It's something that you care very much about, isn't it?
You made your decision as well, didn't you?
I had so much fun each and every season.
Hey Dobato! You do know what that means, don't you?
Yes.
You know what, Kobato?
No, just that she would be in touch when she settled down.
There he goes.
He's here.
Wait a minute!
Please don't apologize. This is my decision.
Thank you very much, Ioryogi-san.
Kobato, show him.
Yes sir.
W-Wait.
Wait a minute! What in the world are you talking about?!
Fujimoto, being with you made me very happy.
You have been...
And you will continue to be.
What's this?
I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Todokisou de todokanai
Suki na toki ni utaitai dake
Zenshin ni hikari wo atsumete
Oshiete, watashi ni dekiru koto
Sorry. That was an awkward thing to say.
It was a real shame, losing that kindergarten.
Yeah. I'm not so concerned about that, though.
Domoto and his big mouth.
I'm coming too!
Isn't there something else you want to know?
Kobato's wish... Her wish was,
She was provided with merely a temporary soul to last her just four seasons.
Over many, many years, I have repeatedly had sad partings with Shuichiro.
As long as I follow my soul, time and time again, I'm sure...
if the machinery in our factory remained held on collateral...
Fujimoto has been with our firm for about four years now.
Thank you.
so that the sole beneficiary would be his grandchild.
Fujimoto.
Yes, of course.
In the morning when it rains
I was hoping that if I could meet you again, this time I'll stay smiling.
Fujimoto!
Yorokobi, kanashimi, In happiness and in sadness,
Subete idaite aruiteiru, In all I behold and all that I live for,
Kimi no te wo, And your hand in my hand,
Kagirinai yasashisa Are filled with endless kindness
So this is what it boils down to. That fool.
Subete idaite aruiteiru, In all I behold and all that I live for,
I'm looking forward to it, Ioryogi!
Stuffed animals can't speak here,
Why can't stuffed animals speak?
I'm fine, thanks!
How does being "it" heal anyone?
I wish I could find someone who needs help...
You're giving this... to me?
Yes.
I work here at Yomogi Nursery.
And it gives you problems?
I'm sorry.
Hey, Mr. Kiyokazu, come play the organ!
There's no point in worrying.
Um...
Don't be!
But he said that I just cause trouble.
Toshihiko?
She's at work.
I see. It's good of you to not be selfish.
Everyone says she's a bad mom.
Hey!
Toshihiko, you're really good at this!
Wait a minute!
That makes it sound like you're gonna go around wounding them yourself!
All right! I'll call them konpeito!
I'll do my best!
Dobato...!
B-But, it's not a problem if I live here?
N-Nice to meet you!
You got it the other way around.
Do you know when your luggage will arrive?
Well, let me show you around.
The nursery opens soon.
I'm fine.
How cute!
I loved it! There's a roof, and it's really relaxing!
Hey, what about me?
Hey, that's not fair! You don't even have to get wet!
Okay!
I'll look for people who need to be healed!
Of course not!
Here!
Right?
Shut up!
Get back here!
What did you say?!
Good morning, Kobato.
Huh?
Ioryogi?
Mutsumi.
I've got a mark on my face from sleeping on the floor.
I-I'm sorry...
G-Good morning...
He can be a bit blunt, but he's not a bad person.
Looks like we'll be seeing more rain.
Pleasure to meet you. I'm Kobato Hanato.
About Mutsumi.
Huh...? What do you mean?
I'm saying...
What do you mean, "with Mutsumi too"?!
Huh?
S-Shut up! I said I don't care!
It's so packed in here!
Either way, you were able to heal her broken heart.
Then I'm happy!
I just felt something...
The rain will wash it all off!
And they gave me some fluffy warm bedding.
Kompeito in the bottle.
Suki na toki ni utaitai dake
Machikirenai yo
Yes sir. I will heal broken hearts and collect more kompeito.
Are you the Kohaku from Tenkai?
Who is this?
Yeah, you got it.
I was looking at the leaves.
Beats me. When I look at these leaves, my eyes water.
This person supposedly here to help is so lazy.
So my eyes water just thinking that it's going to take all day gathering these leaves.
Kobato!
I enjoy walking home with you like this, Shuichiro.
My, my, what a lovely couple.
I don't believe that. Even rich people get their hearts broken.
Where did you learn that?
But I needed to find out why you were crying.
or the occasional shy smile he shows me...
I don't understand.
Love?
A date at the amusement park.
All prizes are for two! Step on up, try your luck at the lottery!
Oh? I need a lottery ticket before I can get a ticket to the amusement park?
G-go ahead...
Here goes!
I work at a pizza place, too.
Those. They were given to me at work.
Please use these on your date with Shuichiro.
Do what you will...
Thank you very much.
What?
Yes. That there's a time limit.
Yes sir! Kobato is ready!
Even if it takes me a hundred years, I'll still do my best!
You know what you're supposed to do, right?
If you'll excuse me.
Please tell me why!
Thank you!
If you barge in now, you'll just get in their way.
You could've just waited at home.
Yeah?
Whenever I think about Shuichiro...
Date?
The tickets cost 3000 yen?!
Look, Ioryogi!
The person who gave it to me was so nice... It would've been extremely rude not to take it.
I-I'm sorry!
Yeah.
I got them from my workplace.
Yeah right.
Please!
M-Me?
That's...
They must be really happy.
He's a messenger from heaven.
That means we have a year to fill the bottle up.
But I'm happy that she's happy!
Okay!
Didn't I tell you to start panicking?
Tonight, it looks like even Mr. Moon is taking a night off.
I'm pretty sure I've already refused that offer.
Dobato! Whaddaya think you're doing right now?!
Yeah. Could you stop reading?
It's the guy from earlier.
I believe I've asked you not to come to this place during school hours anymore.
Please leave.
Let go, dammit!
I thought they'd leave if I called for the police.
Oh...
Huh?! Really?
But then, why did he say not to read this book?
On the bank of a beautiful stream lived a single firefly.
Isn't there anything I can do for him?
I'm a firefly too! And I can glow, just like you!
Miss... Naoko?
That's why I also changed the story to be a beautiful, but sad one.
You were finally able to get a break?
Is there anything you want? I'll bring you anything!
Why didn't...
They're really... beautiful.
Fujimoto, Kobato, you guys aren't missing anything either, right?
Nothing I can do about it. Both the shop name and the job were already picked out for me.
He even decided that stuff for you?
I want info on Yomogi Nursery and everyone related to it.
You! You've really gotten used to this job, haven't you?
It's related to that girl, isn't it?
Kobato?
If I can find one, it'll bring good luck.
If he just piled them up, I could've carried a bunch of these!
I'll get them out for you!
Marina!
I'm happy because you tried so hard to cheer me up.
I'm glad!
What?
Who's in trouble?
Everyone at Yomogi Nursery.
If things keep going like this, sooner or later, Yomogi Nursery is going to get shut down.
You're so clumsy!
Oh! Thank you...
Be quiet and keep painting. If you have time to talk, then you're not working hard enough.
Why can't we tell Miss Sayaka about it?
Are you trying to help or trying to get in the way?
Mama always tells me, I want you to grow up well, that's why I get angry with you!
This? It must be Fujimoto's report.
Report?
I'll bring it to him!
I'll keep trying!
I'm Takashi Domoto. And you?
You see, I kind of made him angry earlier.
But! That's because I keep messing up...
I got it, I got it. I'll help.
Thank you, Domoto!
We know!
If you do see him, can you tell him that I'm looking for him?
I've always known that he was like that, but I still opened my mouth.
Fujimoto? He just left.
Would you mind if we took a little detour?
At what?
I guess.
I don't know if I should say thank you for that or not...
Oh, yes!
I'm not helping you out of pity.
Kobato.
I just felt jealous.
Fujimoto and... I?
I'm jealous of his strength.
I can't explain it very well, but you're a good person.
Ah! I said something strange, didn't I?
Attractive guy? Domoto?
Yes?
Why did you tell him about me?!
But I did just as you said and didn't talk to you, Ioryogi!
What! No!
I can no longer care for him.
Kitty?
The owner can't take care of him anymore,
Um... Why are you two talking so quietly?
The kitty was just in a box by himself and I didn't see the owner's name anywhere.
His fur's completely white!
Then it would be okay for him to...
It's means you get rashes or sneeze,
Do you mind if I sit next to you?
Right!
Agreed.
I'm sorry, I've already got my hands full taking care of all of the children...
Right! Excuse us!
But Fujimoto said
I can't do anything... how shameful.
I'm sure she would let us keep him. And then we can sleep with Milk tonight!
My grandson loves animals.
Please!
The room somehow feels bigger now that Milk isn't here anymore.
What a relief!
Milk's milk bowl...
What do you want?
Hello?
You noticed how upset Chiho and Chise were about having to give up the cat,
We all match!
Listen up, Kobato!
I'm not done speaking to you yet!
Are you looking for this?
Your hands are sopping wet.
Really?
Today's still a school day for high schools.
Keep messing around and you're going to be late.
Kobato!
Wow, you know a lot.
Summer vacation tends to make students lazy.
I think she needs you for something.
Thank you.
That Yukino, she's working really hard right now to buy a camera.
Picking her up? I was too forward?
Okay, got it.
So pretty...
Sorry Nat, you can go ahead.
Don't say that!
I'm sorry for bothering you at work.
Really?
Yesterday?
Do you not... talk to Natsuki anymore?
You're right.
Let's take one together.
Okay!
Let me take one of you next time, okay?
Maybe when you get better at taking pictures!
If they themselves don't know, there's no way others would be able to figure it out.
But... I want to do something for them.
Nat!
Even though you're an amateur with no talent, you pretend you're a pro. You're pathetic!
Why... Why did I say that?
Sometimes, I just feel like she's getting so far away from me,
But the two of you are still so close!
You just managed to scrape through.
It's such a fun song, isn't it?
"Are you okay"?!
Yomogi Nursery.
All right then. Let's air them out together.
How about Fujimoto?
Fujimoto does pick on me sometimes...
No, it's not that.
Fujimoto was...
I want to know more about Fujimoto as a child!
Me neither.
I'm sure Shuichiro will love it.
Will they bloom soon?
You're the one who missed the pass.
You just hit her with the ball!
They're just about to bloom and everyone was really looking forward to it!
Kiyokazu, the organ, the organ!
Time to go home, time to go home...
You're always so careful about watering all of the greenery in the garden, Kohaku. It's beautiful!
There are so many different kinds of part time jobs, aren't there?
How about delivering pizza to people's houses?
Sorry about this.
And, umm...
Good luck, Kobato!
And now, what should I do to help?
Well... First, when a customer arrives, be sure to greet them.
Yes, just like that...
I'll be working the register, so when the customer pays, make sure you say...
Not a cheesecake, but... an apple pie... and a lemon tart!
I did it!
Huh?
Welcome!
Kobato, come wrap this up for her.
Welcome!
I'm so tired.
I can come in tomorrow too?
But you look like you're worried about something...
Yes.
That's so nice of you...
This is really good.
Are you worried about something?
And that's what he said.
Welcome.
What are you doing here?
Are you here to buy a cake?
Well, maybe they broke up.
You're hiding the fact that you're working part time to help the nursery, right?
But I'll still try my best!
What are you doing?
Like motives and alibis and evidence...
I'm being a detective for today and...
Anything at all?
W-We'll be on our way then.
If this is about love advice, take your business elsewhere!
Well then, I'll be taking my present and leaving I guess.
Yumi, this is the part where we tail him!
Are you okay?
Why?
But I've never been able to give you any time off, Yumi.
This is my 100 points!
I don't get you at all.
Then I'll be back later okay, Ioryogi?
Why ask me? Hmph.
The heavenly world, the human world, the underworld, and the spirit world.
in the underworld, the demons under the Devil,
Hm?
and for the crime of violating the ban on aggression, he was turned into a stuffed animal.
We got dragged in, but as the ringleader, he got the worst end of the deal.
Why don't you have a taste of
Oh, it's for college?
In the afternoon, the kids have nap time, and Kobato will still be around to help out.
Yes, please come visit again!
Okay!
See you tomorrow!
Doesn't it, Ioryogi?
Kobato.
You should be doing what you came here to do!
Ioryogi!
It's her, isn't it.
Kobato!
If that breaks, money can't buy another one!
What the hell's this "Ioryogi" nonsense?
What is it about that girl?
You should also be able to return to the spirit world.
That girl's clumsy and knows nothing of charm...
I have no intention of listening to you when you're like that!
You never would've said something like that in the past.
Ginsei...
At Sakura Park you said?
Damn this inconvenient body!
That hurts, you idiot!
Is that thing really important?
You!
Ioryogi.
Sto-mmph!
Ioryogi.
Woah, amazing.
Look at this. Do you know what this means?
Um... When it turns fall, the leaves make themselves pretty and do the dance of the wind
Who told you to make up little fantasy stories?!
How many have you gathered so far?
Um... about this much.
No, forget it!
If you guys aren't going to value this, then you won't be allowed to play with it anymore.
Fujimoto! You can't!
That was Ioryogi's voice, but Ioryogi isn't here...
Fujimoto just left for his part-time job, but...
Um...
Um...
There's something that needs to be said after a fight, right?
I'm sorry.
I guess our adult worries were carried over to them.
What did you say?
What?
It's supposedly because of redevelopment.
Isn't it kind of disturbing for a tree to be that big?
Yes, somehow.
It's happy.
Hey!
But, but if I don't, it'll... it'll!
Kobato. Kobato!
Huh?
What?!
What should I do?
Nothing is visible...
Yomogi Kindergarten, may I help you?
Your nose is all red!
Bye-bye Kobato!
Yes, I'll do my best.
Um...
It must be lonely being alone.
What is it?
He seems totally different now.
How'd she come up with that?!
If it's okay with you, why not come to my home?
I wonder why he got angry with me.
I've asked you before not to come while the kindergarten is open.
Just because our boss is a nice man, don't you be thinking you get special privileges.
Police officer!
Toshihiko, you were great!
That guy...
Excuse me!
Nothing is troubling me.
You're my next door neighbor?!
Mr. Mori?
Once upon a time there was a firefly, who lived by the side of a beautiful stream.
But seeing the sad expression on Firefly's face, the little girl firefly taught him how to shine.
Those days, I was always busy.
Fireflies...
Just a bit longer!
Yes.
So I was helpful to him.
It's so big!
Are you here by yourself?
Do you live nearby?
Is it hot?
My potatoes!
But he took my potatoes! I thought I was going to deliver them myself.
Hello!
Oh!
Milk, have you been doing well?
You!
I told you to wait up!
I'm not a Potato Thief!
That's called forgetting.
Huh?
Would you be able to draw a picture of your house?
Um... there was a postbox here, and next door, there was a dog...
...read picture books to me, take me camping or to the amusement park when she had time off...
Huh?
Um... this way?
I've been here before!
You can tell just by looking, can't you?
Here.
Is this okay?
We'll leave this in exchange.
I mean...
If he didn't that would be a problem...
Next to this is...
Watch out.
Fujimoto!
Yeah.
At night, I want to watch just a little more TV...
And play some more games!
Keita!
because they're nutritious.
Take some responsibility and take some of these home with you.
Right!
Oh, no need. Goodbye.
Um... okay.
It's nothing.
Something to do?
Fujimoto really is...
I guess it should be 50 points for you after all!
Then 12.5 points!
You can't go around saying such things about women's faces!
Actually, there was even more than that,
Fujimoto!
Kobato! Where are you going?
Please!
How do you know him?
Really?
How was the patient?
It's difficult, isn't it...
We managed to fold a thousand cranes after all!
but I'll be counting on you to take care of Miss Sayaka.
If anything happens, contact me immediately.
Manager, there's a favor I want to ask of you...
But then you showed up to help out...
I'll take over for you from here, so go home.
I see.
I helped to fold a thousand cranes along with the kids at the Nursery, but...
Huh?
Um...rice porridge?
So this is rice porridge!
And when you make it, you add lots and lots of water!
D-r-e-n-c-h!
Then wait until it mixes all together and comes to a boil.
If Miss Sayaka dies...
T-That's true... but...
I... was healed?
Good morning.
It's Miss Sayaka!
Oh...
Bazaar?
That's a good idea too.
Okay!
It's good that Kobato's happy again, isn't it?
See you tomorrow, goodbye!
What is that?
You're good at this, aren't you!
I wonder what she meant when she said that it's impossible for him to just be straightforward.
Field trip days and pool days are always sunny.
but once the baby gets a little older, she says she'll go back again.
The debt collector.
Oh no! You're a bad person; I won't tell you!
Apparently Sayaka's been married before, and she shares the same last name as that guy.
Don't get yourself too involved in this.
But...
A mascot!
It doesn't matter what it is, penguin or otherwise!
I won't, I won't!
Don't get too worked up.
Huh?
Would you like some yakisoba?
We can also make cafe au lait!
I was afraid this had been canceled.
What?
A sunfish?
Am I at the right place? I heard there was a bazaar.
Kobato told me about it.
She was so diligent, so I said, "Is that so? Maybe I'll stop by later!"
Thank you so much!
Ioryogi?
Get a clue!
But I'm not going to bring anything!
Is mine done yet?
How much longer for the long one?
Let's do it, little by little!
You guys have really gotten used to this, huh.
In the beginning, we were worried about how things would turn out,
Huh?
It's not the usual bird guy this time. Are you a new worker?
No.
Ah, so part-time help then?
I was abused terribly by a selfish shopkeeper.
Looking at how well you guys fit into your roles now,
More like a nightmare for us.
The enemy was too terrible.
I feel like I stepped on someone back then...
I wonder who it could've been?
Now is a time for repentance!
Soy sauce flavored would be nice, but I'm really craving salt...
Dryers are stronger than I thought they would be...
Where am I?
No, no, no, I can't. This is to slowly savor later.
I'm not a kid who can't... control himself...
No, no, no!
Welcome to Mokona Land!
Oh, that's right! That delicious smell...
I apologize!
Hey, wait a second!
I'm so sorry!
Almost but not quite!
Huh? Did it just move?
I'll try too!
Huh? It's not here. I can't find it!
At least I've come this far
And so that's what happened.
it was foolhardy to expect so much from a Nursery bazaar to begin with.
perhaps it would've been better if I had never suggested we do a bazaar.
You're late!
Look it! We've sold this much!
Domoto!
It... what is it?
No way, we're going back to the Nursery to get it.
Oh, you're talking about your baumkuchen? It was sold off very quickly.
How come, Ioryogi? Are you disappointed because of me? If so, I apologize!!
It's winter, I suppose.
That was mean...
What is it, Ioryogi?
Mommy?
I've yet to take one step into the Nursery.
Of course that's not okay!
You really helped us out though.
I like this one! I wanna hang it up!
I'm fine, really.
Don't!
I'm sure that if I just explained things to him, he'd understand!
Everyone will be sad!
Will I be able to see everyone from Yomogi Nursery again tomorrow as well?
We even went on a field trip!
I understand. That's why we'll pay it back, little by little!
Kobato, let's leave it at this for today.
Takashi's there too!
The surgery and everything went well.
They said things should be fine from now on.
No, it's not.
Thank you for today.
I'll go get my bag.
What's the matter?
But...
Kobato.
Let's...
What are you doing, Yuzuru?
Isn't it?
Then would it be okay if I picked out something that I think you'd like?
Kobato, what's the matter?
Oh, nothing!
You haven't made up with Kizokazu yet?
Oh... sure.
I'll be fine.
Konpeito! A bottle full of them!
I'm sorry for being late!
Don't worry about it.
Yes.
I'll take care of the cleaning up, and it's Christmas after all... So why don't you
Jeez. Why do I have to
And what does that
She's waiting for you, all by herself!
Domoto's present is... you, Fujimoto?
No matter what happens, when winter passes and spring arrives...
Yes?
Valentine's Day is a day where girls give chocolate to the guys they like.
Well, it's supposedly the opposite nowadays.
We just don't have the money for it.
That's okay!
Ioryogi?
No, nothing.
Ioryogi?
How long do you plan on lollygagging around for?
Yeah.
It's how you count Mokona!
Yeah.
No, not yet.
Mokona's the only girl in the group.
No, I sleep with Ioryogi.
Huh?
That's a good idea! So we can repay you for letting us stay over.
Because I just feel so close to you!
All right then. Let's leave it at that. Everyone, do your best!
Yeah. But it's not a journey with a specific destination in mind.
I...
The person I've longed to see...
How was working at the pastry shop?
People asked us if we were cosplaying!
People from other worlds can't do more than simply watch over her,
There are more worlds than just this human one, after all.
There's the heavenly world, the underworld, the spirit world... and probably even more than that.
Well... yeah, I guess so.
Fujimoto's really busy with his work, isn't he?
That's how I feel about things.
And even if they were, you can just toss them all.
Huh?
I don't know, but...
Are you not conscious of your own feelings at all?
What? No sense of courtesy, that one.
He is not!
What did you say? Catch Ushagi?!
It's better than doing nothing, isn't it?
Didn't you learn anything from what happened last time?
See ya.
I imagined it was only about that big...
but when you look at it like this, it's different, isn't it?
Holding him down to what?
If you're doing this out of sympathy or curiosity, stop it.
It's not that... Fujimoto...
Is that a no?
Quit joking around. Why does she have to help me?
Of course!
What else should I do?
What's fun is...
Wow, look at the boats!
Hey.
Hello.
Why?
Huh?
Whatever, doesn't matter.
Yes! But he's really an extremely nice person.
Yes.
It's already been a year since you came here, hasn't it, Kobato?
Yes, spring and summer and fall and winter, all four seasons have passed. It's been a wonderful time.
If you don't gather the rest of the konpeito, you'll! i know you said not to use these but it looks really funny with just an !
I may be, I guess.
A full, 100 point idiot.
Look how bright the moon is.
Now you wait just a second!
Okay.
H-Hey, what's going on?
What's happening?
Don't you want to be a lawyer?
I heard that the children were worried about Yomogi Nursery...
Once everything's set up again, let's all go on an outing together, okay?
Yay, outing!
You're such a bully...
It doesn't look like you're here to deliver the paper this time.
and permitted to come down to this world.
But you see, every time Shuichiro is reborn...
Of that, I'm sure.
It's very nice to meet you too.
From now on... till the end of time.
Is that so?
Of course!
The place I wanted to go to...
Baumkuchen is delicious, isn't it?
A full 100 points to the mighty Ioryogi.
Y-Yes I'm fine.
Muzukashii na
Ioryogi-san, let's go!
Yes. Everyone is very excited!
Oh, u-um...
Who are you?
Uh, well um... we're all on our way out for a picnic.
Will you give her a message?
What?
Hello there!
I expected more originality in the name of your shop!
What is it? Spit it out.
Okay!
Kobato, you've been through a lot of pain today.
Not always!
Don't you get Ms. Sayaka worrying more than she needs to.
Yeah.
Back then you'd just say "check it".
If your men back then saw you now, they'd be in tears.
I'll look into it for you.
Three!
It's been awhile, Ginsei.
Aren't you ever returning to "Ikai"?
Oh!
K-Kobato are you okay?
Over there too!
Kobato, you've still got a leaf on your head!
Shall we go then?
Let's wish.
Fujimoto! Hurry!
Here you are.
Your cake is all crumbled. Cake that Sir Genko specially gave you.
Your requested investigation is complete!
Hey! Good on him!
Ioryogi-san!
Welcome home.
It's a Baumkuchen.
Sounds like a bit of a mess.
The journey to make my wish come true.
You're the only one who's having fun!
Y-Yes, I did.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it.
They have their eyes on the trash.
That scared me.
Are you two okay?
You bitch! What did you just do?
She already has a guy!
I'm not!
Right, Fujimoto?
It was a really cute cat!
Thanks.
Okay, no problem.
So you're a great help.
Yeah, I am.
Sorry, could you help me add stuff to it?
Wanna try it?
I'm sorry.
the overflowing light in my heart soars in the sky.
It was beautiful.
It's the first time he's been so happy from listening to someone other than his mother sing.
Okay.
I have a place I want to go to.
My name is Kobato. Kobato Hanato!
You know...
I have to heal those wounded hearts!
Right! I'll do my best!
Is there anyone here with a wounded heart?
Jeez.
I see...
I guess it's pretty hard to meet someone who wants their heart to be healed, huh.
But if there's no one that wants to be healed,
To think that you go around to people and hand out wonderful things like this...
What a wonderful person you are!
That one guy...
Please wait!
The sheets went flying!
Are you all right?
Hey...
It'd be great if you just kept them busy like that.
Miss Kobato!
I'm sorry, I don't know how to play it.
You can dance?
But I'm helping out here!
No!
That kind of thing always makes Ioryogi mad.
Since he can't talk, I'll have to go get him or else I'll be in big trouble!
If you can.
Do we really want her around the children?
But, we won't really be able to pay you...
I'm sorry!
The bottle?
Did ya think there'd be anything in there?
Fujimoto seemed like he was wounded.
Yeah, but I don't really like them that much.
She's at work, huh?
Really! She's a great mom!
It's wonderful that you have such a great and hardworking mom.
Right.
Wait a minute!
Abandoning me was really bad, but the rest was great.
Keep up the good work, Kobato!
B-But, am I really allowed to live here?
Kobato, huh?
Yes?
Y-Yes?
Thank you so much!
She's a lot more considerate than you are.
Did you like your room?
Then we'll help you!
Me too!
Then here.
It's yours to keep.
Umm...
You can use mine.
But...
Katsuragi!
Mutsumi.
Don't let it get to you!
Well, I've got morning practice. Later!
I'm coming!
Bye! See you later!
Sharing an umbrella...?
Looks like you're really into it.
Mom told us to bring you this.
Oh... that's right.
That's because...
So...
Huh?
What's the matter, Kohaku?
You can discover so much if you just wake up earlier than usual.
That's not true!
Did you see that?
He's Ioryogi.
Yes, you do! It's not Ioryogi, but something similar!
Yeah, I am.
If you'll excuse me.
I was looking at the leaves.
What are you doing?
Hold it!
Third wheel?
You didn't have to come all the way here.
Also, I want to spend as much time as possible with you...
Yeah?
When should I go in?
I'm sorry for not being able to keep my promise today.
Kobato, I told you that you have no business here.
Hey!
Lend me your powers to enrich the soil.
Actually...
I don't really understand myself.
And then?
I get a tight feeling in my chest.
In other words, you've fallen in love but it's painful and you cry!
Yes?
Look, Ioryogi!
the color of the bead that comes out determines your prize!
The prizes all come in pairs!
Come on, as if you'd ever find one dropped on the--
The person who gave it to me was so nice... It would've been extremely rude not to take it.
Fujimoto?
An alligator I got from a lucky draw.
Yup!
Take them.
Kobato...
I guess.
Rabbit?
You heard that, right?
Negative... 100?
I'm not!
Didn't I tell you to start panicking?
Spotted!
I'm pretty sure I've already refused that offer.
Kobato fell again!
Hey.
I'll try my best tomorrow too!
Are you all right Miss Sayaka?
They really did leave after that!
Dobato did well, huh...
So yesterday's call was from them, huh.
Miss Sayaka's having difficulties...
I'm fine.
I just like being here.
Ah, I borrowed it from the nursery.
Wait!
I was told not to read this book anymore by a man in the park...
No. He's the person who wrote the book!
Oh...
One moonless, pitch black night, that firefly saw a small, beautiful light.
And so, she taught the sad firefly how to glow.
Hello?
Yes, yes.
Yeah, I'll be waiting at our usual spot.
I wanted to... see the fireflies with you...
This is...
What? You've never seen fireflies before?
I bet he'll start writing again.
I'd like to be able to say 100 points this time,
but after subtracting points for crushing me in the library...
Well then...
Nope!
Kobato, are you okay?
I see.
Right!
Tell her to hurry up and stop playing around the nursery.
Didn't you come to the nursery earlier and bully everyone?
Why are you apologizing?
No!
I'll pass on the trip.
Now we're behind schedule.
Yo.
You idiot! You caused such a commotion and you're still talking like that?!
Now I have a boo-boo.
And your look is how many times more pathetic than mine?
What?
Ah. It's done.
Kobato?
Once more!
If he just piled them up, I could've carried a bunch of these!
This body is so annoying!
It's been a while, Ginsei.
Where is everybody?
She's looking in a strange place again.
Fujimoto!
But it's time...
And over there! And there!
I'll go help look too!
No, I didn't.
Good morning.
Don't worry about it.
I found one!
It's Zuisho! Jeez!
Oh no! Ioryogi's so small, I hope he didn't get stuck somewhere!
Oh no, this is bad! Ioryogi's in trouble!
A good luck clover.
I wish that everyone can stay together in good fortune.
Everyone at Yomogi Nursery.
Reporting!
The previous head?
If things keep going like this, sooner or later, Yomogi Nursery is going to get shut down.
Morning, Kobato!
Oh! Thank you...
I'll help you! Please let me help out!
Be quiet and keep painting. If you have time to talk, then you're not working hard enough.
What is it.
I'm asking you what it is you wanted to ask me.
Oh! I see.
We'll come with you!
Fujimoto's college... is this way, right?
Well, it's a college. Makes sense that it would have this many people.
Sorry! Are you all right?
I'm sorry!
And this is...
No! I mean... I'm not really his friend.
He was just here...
But... it's always because of me, it's not Fujimoto's fault...
Would I be in the way?
Great.
Domoto! Do us a favor!
Doesn't it suck that it's due next week?
Thank you, Domoto!
Anyway, sorry.
Kiyokazu has reason to be angry.
I'm sorry. Neither Fujimoto nor Kobato are here today, you guys must be bored.
Sayaka, where are Kiyokazu and Kobato?
All right. I'll do it.
All right, fine. Since you're the one who's asking.
I guess.
Thank you.
I see.
I'm sorry. I'm asking for too much.
Like how you're so nice.
I'm not nice.
That's very nice of you.
Kiyokazu's not afraid of people hating him. He's a strong person.
Jealous of... his strength?
Ah! I said something strange, didn't I?
Is that stuffed animal Ioryogi?
Yes!
Huh?! Why did the konpeito...
Was there anyone else?
But, but, just by acknowledging his kindness, I gained another konpeito?
No matter what others think, everyone has things that they're worried about.
What?
Kobato! Mr. Kiyokazu's not angry anymore, right?
Don't you go causing trouble for people again!
Good advice, doncha think?
Kitty?
Hello!
I mean! It's not for me!
and I was just wondering if there was anything I could get to feed him with.
Yes.
How about Milk since he's all white?
Your thoughtlessness causes trouble for the people around you.
Kobato? So this is where you were hiding.
No, no, I'm sorry as well.
I think he might've been projecting himself onto that kitten...
Well, what're you gonna do now?
No, it's okay.
Milk! Here kitty.
Kobato, we should go!
You persistent salesman!
Yes.
It might be a good idea to stop going around knocking on strangers' doors though.
Hello? This is Mihara.
I think we should go ask Mama after all.
The lady from...
Kobato, you know her?
There, there.
We'll come visit you!
Yes.
I want to hear it!
Thank you for helping Milk!
That isn't something to be happy about!!
Listen up, Kobato!
A ton of things that allow people to ignore the pain in their hearts!
All of this is going to make konpeito collecting an even tougher fight.
Got it, Kobato?!
A summer festival.
Flower... fire?
Hey, when we get to the pool, let's race!
Today's still a school day for high schools.
Ioryogi!
Anyway, I'm dry now.
If you don't hurry up and find her, the sun's gonna set!
Summer vacation tends to make students lazy.
They're coming!
Okay then, I'll do as you say.
Hold the lens steady.
Your name is Yukino, right?
Yes! But I don't have an iron...
We'll help out with pool cleaning, so please excuse her for today!
Well... Yukino keeps avoiding me.
Okay, got it.
Thank you. It looks like we'll make it on time for the festival.
You're amazing, Yukino!
I'll treasure it.
Are you no longer close with Natsuki?
After all, she's my idol.
Cheese!
Maybe when you get better at taking pictures!
I wonder why they can't.
Are you here shopping?
Yukino, you really should join the Photography Club!
To commemorate your new single lens camera!
You're so talented, Yukino! I'm sure you'd be able to get some good shots!
Right?
What happened to it?
I said such terrible things to Yukino, that's why it went missing!
What should I do? I'm... I'm...
Natsuki...
Here it is!
It was me who grew distant from her first.
Yukino. What I said earlier was terrible, and...
So pretty!
Run, run...
When I was talking to him, he was next door. Now he's already out the door.
Yomogi Nursery.
Has he been... picking on you?
Little Fujimoto?
Since my father took in Fujimoto.
Sayaka, I'm home.
Camera, camera, where is it...
Bye bye, Miss Sayaka!
Would anyone like a delicious beer?
Thank you!
Really.
Yay!
Welcome back.
Tomo, are you all right?
The ball suddenly flew over and surprised her, that's why she fell!
Stop messing around!
Everyone planted the sunflowers here together and took really good care of them.
Search, keep searching...
The smell of sunshine.
Or at least that's what my father used to say.
D-Did I say something strange?
Let's take them down now.
Mr. Sunshine, huh...
This is about all I can do for Shuichiro.
The Nursery is really important to Fujimoto, isn't it?
Are you going to classes?
Of course.
Are you all right, Kobato?
What should I do?
And let the light gather around me
Um... Fujimoto?
There's something I've been wanting to ask you!
Upset? Ms. Sayaka?
What's the matter, Kobato?
He'd probably be in trouble without it.
Kind of like a friend?
"Again"?
Would I be getting in your way?
I don't think he can afford the time to work much.
It's almost exam time.
It's the paper for Professor Hayakawa. We don't know where to begin!
Is everyone afraid of Fujimoto?
Ms. Sayaka!
Someone's here to see you!
Mommy and Chiho and I made some macaroons!
Where are Fujimoto and Kobato?
They're at the university today.
I can't afford to drop this credit.
If you could just break the ice with one word...
Oh, okay...
Domoto, you're amazing.
So many people rely on you and you help everybody out.
Yes!
Ah, yes!
Well then Chiho, you're it. Everyone, let's hide!
Wh-Which are you?
This is an accountant friend of mine.
Forget it!
Relax. Have a seat.
Um, since this spring.
Envy him for his strength?
Being disliked is painful.
Hey!
Is that right?
The moment you tell people about stuffed toys that talk and talking to stuffed toys,
No way!
Huh?
And you laugh and reply, "Thank you"
That exchange would fill you with joy
Bye bye!
'Cause you wanna help pay back even just a little of the nursery's debt, right?
I'm Yumi Omura. I look forward to working with you, Kobato!
Thank you!
Yup.
Then when you're all finished...
We came to pick up my birthday cake today!
Why is this...?
Are you okay, Kobato?
Y-Yes...
Here you go, a present for you.
He looks like a stuffed animal to everyone right now.
I mean, the store is doing well and everything...
I'll find out what's bothering the manager!
And then I won't be able to eat this delicious cake.
Yes! I'll try my best!
Oh, Kobato?
Miss Sayaka seemed very lonely...
They investigate a lot of things, don't they?
That's so cool!
Yes! The "manager is troubled" incident!
W-We'll be on our way then.
Let's go back.
Why?
Yes.
I got to eat more baumkuchen.
Meanie...
What are you talking about? It's just a scribbling, isn't it?
Oh, you mean Ioryogi?
The heavenly world, the human world, the underworld, and the spirit world.
The only ones not conscious of the existence of these separate worlds
If any of my friends from before saw me like this, they'd cry!
You didn't go last time, did you?
He's only obedient for Miss Sayaka.
I'll try my best to do Fujimoto's work!
What do you think you're doing?
Ioryogi!
I-o...ryo?
I-o-ro-gi.
Wrong! Ioryogi!
Got it, Ioryogi!
I can't listen to this anymore.
Darn you, my stuffing's coming out here!
Kobato?
What's the matter?
Ioryogi! Where are you?
Fujimoto!
Thank you so much for finding Ioryogi!
Got lost?
Ioryogi?
The ribbon does look nice on you, doesn't it?
and makes your heart feel kinda refreshed,
Four seasons!
Two!
Um... about this much.
Whatever! I hate you, Toshihiko!
Don't be all sad and sullen!
Fujimoto's face wasn't an angry one... it was sad.
A nice place?
Someplace fun!
I'll use them carefully.
There's something that needs to be said after a fight, right?
If I look so gloomy, even happiness would run away from me, wouldn't it?
Right! Smiles are they key, smiles!
Stand back!
It's dangerous.
How come?
Even though it's so beautiful and magnificent...
Kohaku?
Were you also worried about this ginkgo tree?
Oh, that's unfortunate.
Then what is it?
I'll... move you somewhere else!
Yes.
The ginkgo tree!
Huh?
Sooner or later, it was going to wither and die.
In the end, it was able to be carried off on your song, Kobato.
Could it be Kohaku?
But I wasn't able to save the ginkgo tree.
You sang, didn't you?
What's...
I made it out of the branches of the ginkgo tree.
I-It's...
Where did you see something like that?
According to the magazine at the convenience store,
You carry what you dig up.
Of course it was.
What are we going to do about this?
It'll be faster that way.
So he decided to do you a favor by carrying them for you, no?
These are from Yomogi Nursery!
He said he had just gone potato picking.
Fujimoto!
No! No, don't!
Running away from home?
Have not!
I haven't forgotten!
Keita!
Every time I walked by, it would bark.
Hm?
Oh, and also!
Mom would always bake snacks for me...
Yeah!
I've got it.
Pears.
Is this okay?
Yummy!
Could it be...
I guess we have no choice then but to break it.
Because... well, Grandpa's there.
Bully...
Keita.
I'll be fine, don't worry!
What are you doing, old man?!
Fujimoto, you know Keita's home phone number?
Let's steam some potatoes when we get back.
It's nothing.
Are you guys going home now?
I see.
Well, then taking that into account, Fujimoto gets a zero.
I guess it should be 50 points for you after all!
There's no way to undo what you did!
Miss Sayaka.
I'll bring this to the office.
Ah, Kobato.
I'll be fine.
What's the matter?
Oh, the one from last time...
Y-Yes?
I suppose you're right...
If you do this... then this...
Wow!
Cranes!
You're folding a lot of them, aren't you?
Yup. So Miss Sayaka will hurry up and get better.
I'll fold cranes too!
Like... like this?
You're worrying about the wrong person, aren't you?
If anything happens, contact me immediately.
I do, but...
I got it.
Why... would you...
I'll take over for you from here, so go home.
Yeah. kyaaaa
To tell you the truth... it's an illness!
Oh no, Kobato!
I'm sure your wish will come true, Kobato!
Mama said rice porridge is easy to digest so it's easy on your stomach when you're sick.
It's something like this...
It's white...
D-r-e-n-c-h!
What are you doing?
That's why I thought I'd make some for Miss Sayaka...
Then wait until it mixes all together and comes to a boil.
It'll be okay.
It's really good!
Huh?
I wonder why...
What are we going to do with you?
It's Miss Sayaka!
Good morning.
I'll go clean up outside, okay?
If you're too brusque about things, it'll look like you're bullying.
I...
I got all worked up by myself...
I want to be in charge of the yakisoba stand!
Miss Sayaka, see you tomorrow!
Then, I'll be excusing myself first.
Then if you'll excuse me.
It's gotten really late.
Um... the caller from...
Oh no! You're a bad person; I won't tell you!
Tell her that I came here today too, okay?
And that when the deadline comes, I'm destroying the Nursery.
Even if there are still kids there.
So if you don't want anyone to get hurt, quickly get out of the way, yeah?
He left after speaking to me.
It's obvious, isn't it?!
Then that person is Miss Sayaka's husband?!
Don't get yourself too involved in this.
But...
It doesn't matter what it is, penguin or otherwise!
I'll do my best in order to help make the bazaar successful!
I'll bring something that'll sell really well.
Yeah!
Ah! If I don't hurry up
With things like this, maybe no one will come at all...
Right!
Kobato?
I'm going to tell everyone that the bazaar hasn't been canceled!
They still might come!
Is this the bazaar?
Mr. Kiyokazu, iced coffee!
She was so diligent, so I said, "Is that so? Maybe I'll stop by later!"
Please come join us!
Are you taking a nap in the middle of the road?
Well...
Get a clue!
Huh?
But I'm not going to bring anything!
Next time, let's increase the varieties! We can have chocolate, etc.
Oh, from the Bear's Baumkuchen Shop?
It's not the usual bird guy this time. Are you a new worker?
It really feels like it's been a long time since then, doesn't it?
I guess it does.
I don't want to hear anything from you now, no matter how much you disagree.
we won't get away with just being turned into a bear and a bird!
Soy sauce flavored would be nice, but I'm really craving salt...
What exactly is going
Dryers are stronger than I thought they would be...
But I'm starving.
No, no, no!
Welcome to Mokona Land!
Ow...
Oh no!
I apologize!
I need to hurry up and escape or else someone might take my box of baumkuchen!
Isn't it nice?
You mean me?!
So close!
No, don't!
And you, your posters got torn down so you've been running around till now?
If things were going to turn out like this,
perhaps it would've been better if I had never suggested we do a bazaar.
Welcome back, Kobato!
No! I didn't!
I'm so glad!
Not for me!
Really! Did you not listen to my story?
Once I get back, I'm gonna devour that thing!
How come, Ioryogi? Are you disappointed because of me? If so, I apologize!!
It's freezing.
Wow, did you see that, Ioryogi?
That was mean...
Fujimoto?
I was worried because she wasn't here today.
I like this one! I wanna hang it up!
but she looked very lonely.
That person...
Why does he want to do something so terrible?
If this continues, Yomogi Nursery will end up shutting down.
Everyone will be sad!
Will it become all white with the snow?
What?
What the heck are you talking about?
It's nothing!
Dad?
The ambulance went bee-boo-bee-boo, didn't it?
Yes, this is Yomogi Nursery.
I see.
What's so funny?!
Um... that person is fine. They said he'll get better soon.
Hurry up home and rest up, okay?
I'll walk you.
Once he gets better, he's gonna come back again... Dammit!
What's the matter?
You're kind and honest and you always work your very hardest.
It's so warm.
Yes.
Making sure we can fit a ton of presents under the tree!
More importantly, you know what else you need to be worrying about, right?
Hm?
Konpeito, you idiot!
Doesn't matter whether it's Christmas or not.
But...
Then I'll see you tomorrow.
Good morning!
We're going to have a Christmas party!
Fujimoto, you too!
I'm sorry for being late!
Wow, it's Santa!
I see.
I just can't help thinking about him.
And what does that
You haven't done anything wrong, so there's nothing you need to worry about.
Yes?
February 14 is Valentine's Day, isn't it?
Why at the nursery?
So you're saying that in exchange for helping out at Tirol,
Good luck.
At least we didn't land in the sea this time, right?
And that makes this one...
Huh?
Of course not!
Then you've come here as part of your travels?
Mokona's the only girl in the group.
How do you tell?
But I only have one futon...
You...
Let's go!
Kuro-tan, why are you frowning?
Syaoran, why don't you go with her?
You're good at cooking, and Mr. Kuro working in a pastry shop is a bit...
Once you get used to it, it's easy enough.
I did it!
Yeah. But it's not a journey with a specific destination in mind.
A place that I want to arrive at no matter what...
Welcome back!
Syaoran is very talented and even the manager praised him over and over!
As payment for letting us stay here and all!
Thank you for letting us stay here.
Wow, that's such a pretty glow!
There's the heavenly world, the underworld, the spirit world... and probably even more than that.
Kobato, that's a funny looking shape!
She better be saving some for me too!
So now an abandoned cat?
No way. The cat's owner can no longer care for her.
Huh?!
Hello.
It's for this little kitten.
Huh? Huh?
Which would mean we can't look after her here.
What, me?
I hear her name's Milk!
Come over here for a minute.
Like with him, allergic people can start sneezing or get rashes.
I wasn't acting without thinking!
I'm sorry, Kobato.
Please.
Hello.
Hi there, Milk!
Milk!
Thank you so much. I seem to be causing everyone a lot of trouble.
I don't think that at all. You're trying so hard.
But Fujimoto told me, "If you're only taking care of it half-heartedly to satisfy yourself,
Well then, if you need to reach me, here's my cell number. Call me.
Oh?
Milk's getting tired, too.
She must be hungry.
Yeah, you can't even buy food for the cat.
No...
This is the kitten, isn't it?
I overheard him, and that's what led me to come here.
And she isn't allergic to cats.
Where are you going?
...milk dish.
Yes.
But then she cried even louder!
Yes. And then the baby stopped crying.
Every time I think of this
Your hand in my hand
after parting with the kitten.
Oh, but it's round. Just like today's moon.
Hey Kobato, who'd you give your chocolate to?
Why... have you changed so much?
Or do you want the children to watch as this place gets torn down?
Fujimoto!
I understand.
Go and do what?
At this point, what does it even matter?
If you guys could've sued, you would've done it a long time ago.
No way...
That's why I said that you just don't get it!
Do you know what would happen if the president actually got serious about this?
But you know... Kobato, was it?
I'm so sorry that things turned out like this.
T-This is...
Missy, just stay out of it.
Um...
Not that!
But even if you're not a good person...
I just wasn't able to sleep somehow. You too?
I... want you to be happy, Miss Sayaka.
Hmm?
I'm sorry there are so many to tie up.
Thank you.
The one to make the final decision was me.
What are you thinking about?
What do you want to do?
It hurts here.
Do you have work today too?
Yes.
Yes...
Well, then I guess it's okay to turn it over to the workers.
I see. Thank you.
Give it up.
Master Genko! That's so mean! Starting without me...
Thanks for the food!
Who's the one who's going to get hurt?
I'm sorry.
You guys too, good luck.
Become Fujimoto's strength for him, won't you?
I should've noticed that about him sooner, but I also ended up relying on him.
That's not my place.
That's no longer my place.
That's just his way of caring for
I wonder.
I found this. I'll hang it over here, okay?
H-Hey!
That's right. They went out together.
Like it was for the two of you.
What is it?
Because your right here, Fujimoto, is always all scrunched up!
Never going to...
Here we go.
This is so amazing!
Well, in order to make Fujimoto feel better, this time I've bought fish food to
All right, let's get going, Kobato!
Oh, look here!
Are you angry, Ioryogi?
Thank goodness. I was able to find you!
Thank you for taking care of me.
I wanted to say goodbye to Chiho and Chise as well but...
Have you made your farewells?
Please!
She's a little dumb and clumsy and silly,
I don't know.
Of course you have!
No! It's not that at all!
Because of her contract.
This is Ioryogi.
We were talking about the contract, right?
Kobato's soul right now doesn't belong to any world.
Kobato chose to spend her remaining time with you instead of fulfilling her contract.
I can't do it, can I... I wanted to leave with a smile on my face in the end...
Don't go!
But if everything that happens is inevitable, then...
Mama told us to come clean up the futon.
Oh... I wasn't really that worried about it.
Thank you.
Huh?
Huh? Y-Yeah...
Fujimoto!
I'm sorry!
Please tell me.
Coming.
Two years ago, because both his son and daughter-in-law had died,
You're my most important person, Fujimoto.
and I've always, always been looking for her.
And also, I need to return this to you.
And lastly... could you sing that song for me one more time?
You've made me wait for so many years...
Fujimoto!
why did you have to pick this cramped and narrow place to make your arrival?!
Hanato Kobato.
What do you need to do to accomplish this?
Right!
Its okay.
She dropped it.
This?
They want the garbage.
That surprised me.
Yeah.
Really!
Its great that the weathers so nice.
Its okay.
Theyre at the preschool again?
Please.
But its good for you
Not natto.
It really is!
Its good.
Thank you so much!
There, there. Look here.
He wont stop crying.
But
We come to this park often so we wont bother the neighborhood.
But my singing isnt good enough.
You failed!
Thank you so much for earlier this evening.
No, its all right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right!
There are places I want to go to.
We are looking forward to it, right, Ioryogi-san?
Is anyone here feeling hurt?
Quite the little optimist, arent you?
I really helped him, now I got all of these wonderful things!
Huh?
I-Im in a hurry.
Wonderful tissues. Help yourselves!
Im sorry. I work here at Yomogi Preschool.
Is that so?
Whats his name?
Hey! What is it?
Hey, hey.
Just accompanying the kids is helping enough.
Dance?
Its okay. Go home.
But I said Id help out!
Yes!
Yup! Youre right about that.
Well
I thought I told you! Im a stuffed animal here!
Stuffed animals cant just walk around!
What do you mean? You thought something would be in there?
Everybody thinks that.
In this world, there are those who are hurt and those who arent.
Excuse me?
Kobato-chan.
Do you like the swings?
What is?
Thats not what I meant!
Thats it! Im taking your points away!
Huh?
Chitose is my friend and the landlady of these apartments.
Chitose, Ill leave the rest to you.
Isnt this a wonderful room, Ioryogi-san?
Y-Yes!
There. Now its all clean.
She is a lot kinder than you are.
Kobato-chan.
Play with us!
Then, Ill help.
Well help too.
What should I do?
No choice but to go and get wet then.
You dont have an umbrella?
Kobato, you dealt with that as a normal person would.
Im going to do my best!
Ill lend you mine.
I-Im off!
My name is Hanato Kobato.
M-My bad
Its just as Sayaka-sensei said.
My umbrellas back.
Yes! Are you shopping again?
Yup! My stomach always grumbles after a hard kendo practice.
Good evening! Please open the door
Yes?
A-Are you guys all right?
Mitsumi-san looked so sad yesterday
Here! Share an umbrella with Mutsumi-san!
Even if you tell me to move over, the umbrella is still smallIts because the umbrella is small.
Really?
But you healed her for that very purpose, didnt you?
Because of you, I am always getting soiled with mud or ink or whatever!Its your own fault. Because of the mud and the ink, you have to have it on your forehead.
I feel so content!
They smell nice.
Ioryogi-san.
Ioryogi-san, Ive heard that name somewhere.
But no matter how long I look at them, I dont start crying.
Because the person helping me is lazy!
Shes not here.
And the patients are very important.
H-Hey!
Im sorry, but I followed you.
Think about him? Keeper: orig line When you remember?
An ache?
Like this.
And the tears just start flowing.
Kohaku-san, is anything troubling you?
Ill do my best!
But I dont have any money. What should I do? sell yourself
Third place, tickets to the amusement park!
Were inviting pairs to try.
Its also natural to feel dejected no matter what you do.
And anyway, Kohaku
Winning something like this is just a bother.
To get these, I have to help deliver them.
But I cant accept them.
M-Me?
To me, it looked like Shuichiro-san really enjoys the time he spends with you.
I saw how happy you looked when you were with him.
Here, please!
Until when?
Theyre not shaking.
But the fact that shes happy makes me happy anyway!
Could it be you cant read, Kobato-chan?
I can read!
When nighttime came, the riverbank became pitch black.
I cant see anything!
Bye-bye!
Im going to try my hardest, so I can read better!
wonderful was going to happen.
Yeah.
I said, stop reading that!
Youre right.
Whats this?
Dont associate with me.
The firefly saw a small but beautiful light, off in the distance. Keeper: orig line "The firefly found a beautiful, distant but small light."
If you show up late again, Fujimoto wont be nice about it.
Good morning.
Come on! Eat it!
What are you doing?
Sayaka-sensei!
Let go!
Are you okay?
Theyre false tears, so Im okay.
Hes still there. Whats he doing?
If somethings bothering you
Whys that?
Eh?
Did you meet Mori-san?
Huh?
I can shine like you.
I dont have the time.
Dont say things like that.
Naoko stood here, drawing.
Hes writing again.
You healed him.
Kobato, 80 points.
Yes!
Who are you?
Are you the debt collector?
Um, who are
Its him.
A lake, a huge lake.
So, you want information about the people involved with Yomogi Preschool?
Ill take on that job you talked about earlier.
When you find it, youll be happy.
Kobato-chan is it!
Fujimoto-san?
Were going home soon.
Kids, were leaving.
Kobato-chan, you have a leaf stuck in your hair again.
Shes not here.
Marina-chan!
I hope thats the case.
For hide-and-seek?
It cheers me up that you searched for happiness for me.
Okay, nobody move.
And it was from Genko-sama too!
Its so you can find happiness too.
Yes, Okiura Sayakas father, but he died two years ago.
Flutes and drums, street vendors and yukata.
What should I do?
I can't wait forever
And start crying
Yes, that's it!
What is she up to now?
Are you okay?
Stay still. I'm going to help you get fired up!
Hang me out to dry.
He's probably spending his entire holiday working and studying.
The one that wiped out is also in the same class.
And just because you're on vacation doesn't mean you can stay up all night.
Oh, from this morning... And just because you're on vacation doesn't mean you can stay up all night.
Hey! Came out pretty good!
Okay, I'll try.
Sorry Natsuki. I didn't tell you. I've got a job.
Yukino's working really hard to buy her own camera.
This place really is out of my league.
Sorry I'm late.
Yeah, come visit us.
I don't know!
I'm sorry to bother you during work.
Don't you get along with Natsuki now?
Don't you like her anymore?
Of course I like her!
How could I ever dislike Natsuki?
I don't know. How should I know if even they can't figure it out?
That's a great idea.
That's right.
I hate amateurs who think they're professional when they don't even have what it takes.
I felt like she would leave me behind. That scared me.
I've kept mine, too.
What?
Wow!
Since we're together
Even though I'm happy
Good morning, Kobato-chan.
Geez, youre such a klutz!
Theres something Id like to ask you about.
Okay
What is it?
If you tell her, she will suffer. Thats why.
Studies?
Yeah.
Its Fujimoto-san.
Im sorry. Are you okay?
Oh, Im Doumoto Takashi. And you are?
Its okay. Hell be on campus all day today.
He finally took a day off from work.
He doesnt take all the classes he wants because work comes first.
Is something wrong?
We want your help.
Hes not very sociable and hes kinda scary.
Is everyone scared of Fujimoto-san?
What is it?
Its a guest!
The three of us made macarons.
Sayaka, where are Kiyokazu-kun and Kobato-san?
Well try looking elsewhere.
Could we stop by somewhere?
Its so like her.
Yukari-chan.
Yukari-chan, I got you!
This is from an accountant I know.
Finally, there he is.
Oh, sit down.
Ive known him longer but I cant talk to him like you did.
What you said was right.
But there are many other wonderful things about you, Doumoto-san.
The people around him keep away because he displays such strength.
Doumoto-san!
I cant say it well, but
He can talk but Im not allowed to speak to him!
Hey!
Yes.
Kobato
Im just saying, you were a lifesaver.
Dont you dare get another one of your ideas!
Now we have a stray cat?
Hes mean.
Coming!
Kobato-san!
Oh!
Yes.
Thank goodness!
I found the kitten in a box that had no name written on it.
Milk? Thats an adorable name! Its wonderful!
Yomogi Preschool
How cute!
It sure is!
Yuzuru-kun!
Youll never feel complete if you only do things for your own satisfaction.
Im really sorry too.
Yes.
Im sorry to disappoint you.
He probably
sees a part of himself in that kitten.
Huh?
Oh, nevermind. Ill help look for a new owner for that kitten.
Bye-bye!
Asking her would only bother her.
But I havent found anyone who will take it home.
Oh huh?
Doumoto-san!
But Fujimoto-san told me that I wouldnt feel complete,
Will that guy ever change?
give me a call on my cell.
And Milk is all tuckered out.
We really should ask Mama.
Yes.
I heard him asking while I was passing by.
Isnt that great, Milk?
Well come visit!
The cherry blossoms were blooming ever so beautifully.
Lets see
I want to hear it too!
That song
I want to thank you for helping Milk!
Uh Kobato-chan? What happened?
Theres more.
Of course you werent any stinkin help!
So I can heal people through songs as well?
A big fat zero, Kobato!
There are just too many ways it can distract you from helping those who are hurting
Its not a letter! Its a notice! A notice!
You best understand what Im trying to say!
A summer festival.
Yes! Thats it!
Ported shrines and fireworks at the temple.
But
Are you all right?
Stay right there!
Its the high school annexed to the womens college.
You know so much!
And take care not to slack off either.
You really have an eye for it!
Hold it right there!
Thanks a lot!
Thats beautiful!
I made friends with some girls in the Photography Club.
Please?
same as above
Like what?
What now?
Natsuki-san.
Nacchan
Displaying
What? Youre embarrassing me!
What the hell are you doing getting cheered up by the summer festival!
The Organ And The Boy Upon That Day
Under the blue, under the blue, under the big blue sky.
The Boy and The Organ Upon That Day
High upon the mountaintopfscx200-
Ohh, that was terrifying!
I-Im airing out my futon! The weathers so nice today
Hm?
That Fujimoto-san is in two places at once?
Wherere you going?
Yes. Okiura Sayakas father, but he died two years ago.
Yes!
She says shes glad to have
Fujimoto-san has been mean to me, but sometimes hes not.
What kind of person is he?
He has been ever since he was little.
Yes. That picture was taken the day Fujimoto-kun first came here.
It is a child that doesnt have a mother, a father, or any family.
Youll never feel complete if you only do things for your own satisfaction.
Tell me more!
Kiyokazu-kun. This is my daughter, Sayaka.
Camera camera
But since he wouldnt play with them, they soon distanced themselves from him.
Fujimoto-san
May I have that?
Will they start blooming soon?
Yay!
Dude, why did you push me?
Up yours! Dang, now Im all messed up!
Dammit, it wont come out.
Hey!
and then get out!
Sayaka-chan
He seems to stay up every night studying.
I really worry about his health.
Then tomorrow well all take an afternoon nap together with the sun!
Of course. Shuichiro-sans share is in the refrigerator.
Yomogi Preschool is a very special place for Fujimoto-san.
I am home!
Also you were ever so passionate about playing the organ!
I also want to see Kiyokazu-kun as a kid.
Okay, see you on Monday!
Thats it! Im through!
Ioryogi-san
Hello!
Poor thing.
My name is Oumura Yumi. Nice to have you, Kobato-chan.
Now, what do you expect me to do?
Then Ill have the lemon tart.
Welcome!
Here.
Yes!
Thank you very much!
Uh, but what about the clean-up?
How admirable
Kobato, what job are you planning on next?
Good morning!
Are you here to get a cake?
Im pretty sure I took your order for your husbands birthday cake.
Sayaka-senseis husband
Just like a detective!
Sounds awesome!
Thank you very much!
W-Well, if youll excuse us
Dragnet?
What?!
Hey! You just came here to eat my Baumkuchen, didnt you!
You didnt know already?
Kobato-chan, its fine. Can we go?
Because I havent been giving you breaks on weekends, Yumi,
despite Kobato-san coming to help.
Breaks?
So you were worried about that?
I enjoy working with you. You dont have to give me time off.
I find pleasure in connecting with the customers who appreciate your cakes.
Im sorry for keeping this from you.
Can I try it?
Really?
Okay!
And I get to eat another Baumkuchen.
Oh, right!
Silver Eyes
Good morning!
I hope well have a good day today.
Why does she carry that thing around with her?
Im sure its precious to her.
So why ask me that?
The reason we look the way we do is because of the dweller of the spirit world.
The Celestial World.
Everyone, time for lunch! Wash your hands and go inside!
But its the class you wanted!
Its okay. I have an idea.
Youre always a real lifesaver.
I cant thank you enough for today.
Yes!
Are you perhaps hungry?
So thats her?
Huh? Thats it?
He took him in and gave him his name.
Give back that bottle!
Not until I finish my job.
If we remove the girl, there wont be any wish, and you will have to return to the Spirit World.
Shes one clumsy oaf, without a lick of common sense.
I cant hate how shes such a hopeless screw-up.
Kobato-san?
Since he was playfully scampering after a friend from the Spirit World, I didnt call out to him.
You really do look good with ribbons!
Of course you do! Look, if we tie this one on here
You dont look very happy.
What the hell kind of fantasy story do you think this is?!
What do you have to do to gather confetti?
How long do you have?
Two.
Yes.
Ioryogi-san?
Do you think you can gather confetti like that?
Then well bring them back and make pictures out of them!
I guess the anxiety of the adults really affects them.
Youre cutting down the ginkgo tree?
But its so pretty and big.
Yeah.
Its just that most people would rather have newer things.
Good morning, Kobato-san, Ioryogi-san.
Kohaku-san, were you worried about the ginkgo tree too?
Itll be all right, Kobato-san.
It said that the most happy thing for it,
Happy?
But I couldnt save the ginkgo tree.
The gingko tree?
Huh?
Kobato-chan, your butts covered in dirt.
Thats a lot of potatoes.
All of them would be too much.
Its smoky!
Here.
I was thinking of handing them out.
Welcome back.
Thats right.
Wait!
Let go, you thief!
Whats your name?
Potato Thief will do.
Were you on the way?
Over here.
Theyre good.
Give me a pear too! Keeper: Pear? Doesnt look very pear-ish
signYoshimura
Please
Hey, Keita! Wake up already!
Is that bullying?
Keita-kun, isnt that great?
Dont make people worry, you complete idiot!
Besides that, Im hungry.
Good evening.
He really is a good person.
Do you think everyone will like them?
opening
Sayaka-sensei.
Fujimoto-san!
I know a doctor!
I wouldnt consider this just fatigue.
Um Is Sayaka-sensei sick?
Its all right.
Yeah!
under the big blue sky
Shes calmed down.
A thousand?
Arent you worrying about the wrong person?
Will Sayaka-sensei feel better tomorrow?
We folded a thousand cranes, after all.
Contact me immediately if anything happens.
When youve got enough time again, Ill be working you like a dog.
Sorry.
Kobato-chan?
Sorry for worrying you.
I wanted to work through it all
if I can trust you and Fujimoto-kun to take care of everything.
Why are you saying that?!
Okay.
Kobato-chan was right to say that.
Its Kobato-san!
I folded a thousand cranes with everyone, but
But I couldnt fold them well
I hope so
Ill make porridge for Sayaka-sensei!
I know, Chiho-chan! How about you draw her a picture of it?
It looks something like this
This looks amazing!
Back then, after crying in front of Fujimoto-san,
Good morning!
Its going to be a lot of trouble cleaning tomorrow.
Sayaka-sensei
Sayaka-sensei, lets hold a bazaar!
Its not worth the effort.
Im such an idiot.
I want to be a yakisoba seller!
Ive put the details into your communication booklets.
Be sure to show it to your families.
All right, see you.
Hes taken a liking to you, Kobato-chan.
Teru teru bozu?
Naomi-chan, you made those?
Ill make something too!
Lets put them together and sell them!
Yes, itll be all right!
Bazaar
The debt collector.
Did you tell Sayaka that I wouldnt extend the payment deadline?
Even if the children are here.
Is he serious?
Its so cruel to not care about the children.
Who was it?
Did he meet Sayaka-sensei?
I hope so.
Lets do our best today!
Yeah!
Im sorry
Really?
Dont tell me he did that
Kobato-chan
Yes.
The rains let up, and its getting sunny too
Hello.
Doumoto.
Wheres Kobato-chan? Shes not back yet?
Demo "itsuka" tte dore kurai?
And there!
You've got a lot of energy first thing in the morning in this darn hot weather!
That was frightening!
Oh! Good morning!
Are you okay?
The guy Ms. Chitose is seeing off. That's Fujimoto, isn't it?
Maybe...
Yomogi Kindergarten.
Yes. Sayaka Okiura's father. He died two years ago.
Today's a holiday.
Futons?
Fujimoto as a small child?
No, no he wasn't.
Please tell me more. I'd like to know more about Fujimoto's childhood.
I'll go and get the camera right away.
He didn't seem to have any friends at school, either.
Hello.
Bye-bye Sayaka.
Sayaka!
Um...
Yes ma'am!
Why is it so wet here?
And get out of the garden, now!
Really?
We can see everything, what a thrill
Yes. He's helping in every way he can to pay back kindergarten loans.
The sun?
That's right.
Did I say something funny?
Welcome home!
Let us walk, let us walk
Wasn't that nice, Ioryogi-san?
No wait. I'm going to fight the urge now and enjoy it before I go to bed!
Kohaku, you're always properly watering the trees in your garden. I'm impressed.
To me too.
Tell us more!
Of course its me.
Ko ba
Ioryogi-san!
Yes?
Yeah right.
Huh?
Ive been waiting for this.
I see, a part-timer?
We picked the wrong opponent.
You mustnt speak or even think that you were close!
Guess not.
Thats weird.
Hey, whos that?
Hey!
What the heck is that mysterious lifeform?
I ended up in a strange place.
It all looks so yummy!
Excuse me!
A shooting gallery?!
Here.
So close!
So close!
All right, Ill get it for sure next time.
Be a nice man and give up instead of getting upset!
Who the freaking hell are you?!
I should be fine after coming this far.
What happened to it?
D-Doumoto-san!
Huh?
My baumkuchen is gone!
That thing you said would really sell was that baumkuchen, right?
Itll make you feel better!
Did you see that, Ioryogi-san?
opening
What comes after winter?
That guy is here again today.
Fujimoto-san?
The debt collector from back then?
Um, thats
I understand.
Thank you, Doumoto-kun.
Its just stuff from my place and leftovers from the school festival.
Its a great help.
Sayaka-sensei.
Even if the children are here.
Ill go talk to that man.
I said dont!
Doumoto-san.
Im sure Kiyokazu would have done it long ago.
Still
Lets put this up together!
And then
Whats that Dobato doing?
What do you want?
Please!
Then pay back the debt.
We know that.
Kobato-chan, even if you talk to this guy
He wouldnt listen to you.
I see.
Then lets go.
Oh, and
But theres still cleaning to do.
Ioryogi-san, thanks for waiting.
You didnt do anything wrong.
What should I do?
Kind, straightforward
Here.
Yeah.
Putting that aside, you do know, right?
Kobato-chan.
Kobato-chan, is there something you want?
Hey.
Im working tonight.
Good luck at work.
Okay!
Kobato-san?
Its not that.
Mom!
Yes?
Its Santa-san!
Santa-sans here!
Santa-san, presents!
Presents please!
Fujimoto-san, good work.
Stop trying to look out for me. DICK!
It looks pretty good on you.
Kobato-chan!
I end up thinking about him.
Doumoto-san?
Wait, why should I?
You didnt do anything wrong.
This is my present to you.
Sorry if he bullies you.
No matter how thick-headed you are,
Fujimoto-san!
The girls give them to guys, right?
In other words, you make a deal to help out at the Chiroru cake bakery
Ive got construction work at midnight too
Only I need to help!Big change, but think this is closer ot the meaning.
Then good luck.
She sure is such a sweet girl.
Youve worked plenty.
Kobato, you!
So thats Ioryogi-san!
Im Mokona. Nice to meet you!
You dont have money?
Well, we dont have any girls, so camping out should be fine.
But youre kind of big
Im Hanato Kobato!
Lets head out.
He must have thought this through if thats his decision.
Oh, I mixed up the two of you!
but I still needed to be at Chirorus in the morning!
Um youre going to get ingredients for Valentines Day chocolates, right?
Then well help out too.
Itll be our thanks for letting us stay here!
Mokona
I want to go there no matter what.
Someone I want to meet?
Yes, working as a decoration!
Oh, our clothes.
It was only one night, but it was fun!
Kobato
Next Episode
Hey, hey.
What did you come here for?
Thats a problem. Keeper: orig line "What a problem."
It cant just be replaced! Keeper: orig line "Theres no replacement for it!"
But at this rate
Besides
What an idiot, you dont even know anything.
You wont be lonely if you eat with us!
Father, Im sorry.
Even if I do, I dont think shell back off so easily.
If not tomorrow, then maybe the next day.
Okiura-san!
Ive got nothing to speak with you about.
Well take down the preschool,
Like I said, the preschool is
What a troublesome girl.
And Sayaka-sensei still
Sayaka-sensei
Thank goodness, youre awake.
He just left.
Are you okay with things being this way?
This wont do
Kobato. 22 TL
Y-Yes!
In the end, I made the decision myself.
Um, would you come to the preschool for a bit?
Yes.
Hes working.
Hes not cold!
Yes, I heard.
Its Okiura-san, after all.
Boss, can I start?
Yeah, do it!
Genko-sama, thats unfair!
Zuishou, shut it.
Hey!
I am Iorogi.
Thanks for the work.
The preschool might have been holding him back. Keeper: orig line The preschool might have been binding him up.
I was relying on Fujimoto-kun.
Th-Thank goodness that your injuries werent severe
Kobatos Wish.
Yes!
Yes! Im helping today!
opening
I can do it myself.
My job.
Its not sympathy or pity.
Fujimoto-san, this part here of yours has always been scrunched up!
So I want Fujimoto-san to have some fun!
Hey, hey
Even if you say that, well never get back at this rate!
Never get back
Use your legs too.
But this time I made sure I received some changeori:But this time I brought some bait, so
Fujimoto-san, what about you?
Leave me alone.
Why?
Then youre looking in the wrong place.
Fujimoto-san and Ioryogi-san are so much alike!
Thank you.
Im going to see her now.
Its already been a year since you first came here.
Four seasons.
Yes!
Hey, Kobato.
What is it, Ioryogi-san?
Painful?
Its what Ive decided.
But after making a contract with the Big Guy,ori:But after making a contract with the guys up top,
Wait a moment!
Confetti?
...is being accepted.ori:gathering.
Fujimoto-sans confetti
Damn it!
Dont apologize.
ending
...is being accepted.Ori: gathering.
Yes.
Huh?
Werent you trying to become a lawyer?
I heard you havent even been taking notes lately.
Yes?
Right, Fujimoto-kun?
No one else remembers her.
When she disappeared, she said I have to go to the place I belong, right?
Long ago, she lost her life
Surely
Please do your best from now on.
Oh, Fujimoto-kun.
Youre good at playing the piano.
Isnt that odd? Keeper: orig line "How mysterious."
Thats it.
You made me wait so many years.
he decided to watch over that girl in the human world,
Yeah.
Yes?
I have a place I want to go to.
And what do you have to do to get it?
Shoot! I'm going to be late!
The dump... The dump...
A drink?
Okay!
I'll take these plates away.
You'd be pretty popular if you smiled a bit more.
I wonder what this is.
Hey, could you pass that here?
You listening?
Yeah, I am.
Sorry, could you help me add stuff to it?
No chocolate!
Wanna try it?
You're really capable despite your age.
He won't stop crying...
His mother used to spend a lot of time with him...
Umm, I...
So, the test...
You failed!
That's mean! You're horrible!
Well, you were on the margin.
Too bad.
Young lady.
Oh, don't worry about that.
Good night.
My name is Kobato. Kobato Hanato!
Dabada?!
Would it be all right to come in?
So we met yesterday, and I offered to let you stay here?
We met in the mountains!
Want to come to my place?
You can't.
Really?!
What's this?
First, as a housemaid, you clean!
How's that?!
You do laundry!
Here's my roasted tail!
Huh?
Oh, I see. So you're a picky eater, then?
What I dislike?
By the way, I dislike eggs without yolks myself.
You said "foolish, inferior" again.
Strong enough to bring about Armageddon.
The world's more dangerous lately.
Then...
What were those people doing anyway?
I guess I'll ask Fafnir-san.
That's helpful!
Let's finish this quickly.
Protect us!
Welcome home!
Hmm.
There are plenty of other girls you could ask.
You're like one of the guys, though.
I'm a maid living with Miss Kobayashi every day.
Stul?
The laws are strict in this world, too.
That's why correcting that is part of our job.
Th-The level's so low I don't feel like joining in, that's all!
Let's talk more about Ragnarok and Armageddon!
I agree Tohru-tan's a cosplay-level maid!
That's right!
they should be more careful about blending together!
We're giving you some high-level maid conversations, so talk. Got it?
Y-Yes!
Not enough embarrassment!
Show us what you're made of!
I'm sorry, Tohru-chan.
Though I hate you.
Inferior species!
From now on I'll handle it by licking you directly, Miss Kobayashi.
Then I wash the delicate fabrics by mouth.
What's the matter?
The chest is...
Oh, it's already time?
The Internet?
Oh!
Hello, Lucoa-san?
Do as you please, then.
I was fighting. In another world.
A sword ran through my body.
Welcome home.
What are you looking at and studying?
No, not so.
Peace.
Why am I here, too?
Let me introduce you.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
This way please!
What's that?
Player two, right hand, blue.
Player one, left foot, red.
Mm.
Huh? Oh, sure.
Oh, I'm sorry. I couldn't help it...
Why would you do that?
Lately I've been hanging out with you more often,
First, there's something I'd like to ask.
Hmm?
Y-You demon!
Looks like he wants to appear strong.
What do you mean?
Now that you mention it...
it would cause trouble for her to be summoned when she wasn't needed.
you can't take her with you to elementary school,
That's mean!
I don't think there's much point if you don't work hard to earn that for yourself.
Miss Lucoa, I don't think you'll be much help to him.
You tied your own noose.
Will something like that really make it clear up?
Takiya...
What is he up to?
Today we're having curry.
Urk, I fainted.
The game you're selling at Comiket again?
the misses that trespass on my home to steal my treasure are better.
Sorry for the wait.
The teruterubouzu aren't working at all.
Yeah, it's still raining.
I love the rain.
With all these people here,
Same for me.
Well...
Further right!
I saw him from behind and mistook him for Rahab when calling out to him.
ready,
Why would someone born and raised normally...
It is.
and "understanding each other".
Yes.
Huh?!
What on Earth is this?!
Not cover. Help.
A circle's a group of people like us, who sell things they made to other fans.
I see. So why did Mr. Fafnir do that?
Something powerful is holding back their selfish impulses!
Here, thank you very much.
Um, excuse me.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry.
Wonderful.
Comiket is not to be underestimated.
Hmph, help yourself.
Please don't run!
Oh?
I guess Miss Lucoa came, too.
Wait...
As long as you keep it where it won't cause trouble, you can.
Yes!
Huh?!
I'm back.
And they got turned on by those eyes.
Oh?
I'm better at it.
competition! Three round match!
You'll each be making three dishes: a salad, a meat course, and a dessert.
The winner of the first round is Kobayashi.
is too much!
This is unusual, isn't it?
It is...
What's so bad?
Every now and then is fine.
Hmph.
You're late.
I won't lose!
T-Tohru!
Whew, thanks for the meal.
Who would've thought I'd find you hiding out here...
Have you forgotten the laws?!
I'm not going back.
Like cats and dogs.
Good girl.
Last time they fought
Or maybe not. She looks embarrassed.
Wait, why am I the one apologizing?!
So Elma belongs to the harmony faction, and I'm with the chaos faction,
So you're one of the villains.
Try it!
I've prepared another dimension, so we'll do this there.
The field Kanna and I played in before.
You're back again?
Be quiet!
I-I'm not from this world, so I can't interfere...
I could ask you the same, human.
Hmm?
So this is just a coincidence? Why?
You can't use magic, you know.
What the heck is this?
Now then, when will I earn my pay for today's work?
Well, if you commute from the other world...
I don't possess enough power to open the gate between worlds.
A dog?
Sure, sure.
I want to take it easy today.
Huh?
Let's have breakfast.
Tohru.
Show me your butt!
What are you here for?
Miss Kobayashi.
I work hard too,
Wanting you to pet my head a bit.
I don't have a clue what to do about it.
I've had friends, but never close friends.
So here.
Take the hint, take the hint.
What?
You can eat lunch with them, as well.
Give it up.
You train with everyone to defeat strong opponents.
Sorry, but you'll have to make do with Tohru.
I never had both my parents come to a sports festival.
Victorious...
That is basically having a problem with it!
Sports festival?
Yeah.
Hmm? What?
So, good luck with your work, Kobayashi.
It seems that Kanna went to your work today and was secretly observing you.
Thirty-five!
That's incredible.
Kanna-san, let's do our best!
Mhmm.
No.
Yeah, could you?
First on the program is our opening parade.
Yeah, she would be curious.
Do your best!
Th-Thanks, Kanna-san.
Shouta-kun, your older sister's incredible!
Be careful of heat stroke and be sure to drink plenty of water.
Eat plenty, and give it your best today.
Now we'll be starting this afternoon's segment.
Ah!
Ah!
sixty, sixty-one...
Done!
Fight on!
Begin!
Do it!
Fight on!
They've passed Class 1!
Behind them are Class 4, Class 3, and Class 2!
Their anchor's taking off!
Thanks, Kobayashi.
Let's use the same place we did last time.
Yeah.
And I can't afford to interfere with this world...
But what play would we even put on?
You foolish, inferior humans!
I-I-I'm sorry!
What are you saying?
Shouta's a boy.
Well, leave that to me.
He looks just like a girl.
Well, he's not as cute as Kanna-san.
What are you all planning to achieve by embarrassing me?!
Well, that was to be expected.
Hello, this is the Kobayashi residence.
So you hadn't given up, Mr. Fafnir?
Well, time to prepare Miss Kobayashi's dinner.
No, there isn't.
Tohru! Why would a passerby use Miss Kobayashi as reason to refuse her?!
Ah, I'm beat.
W-Would you like one?
To use a magical girl's power to commit vicious deeds
I only have one staff that will allow you to use your powers.
Leave this to me and go!
Wh-Who would do such a thing?
If they do that, then...!
Amazing.
She escorted Ms. Saikawa home.
Huh?
I can't get close!
No, I received them during my daily shopping here in the shopping district.
You've blended right in.
Okay, you get three turns.
Well done.
It's a maid's responsibility to take charge and make sure
And pass the remote.
What are you doing?
Oh.
This is New Year's curry.
Hmm?
Have some if you'd like.
Going by the pattern thus far, as soon as I climb under again...
This rooster is well made.
Is that a spell?
What do you mean?
The Rat stole first place by hopping a ride on the Ox.
Oh, this mandarin orange is sweet.
She lent me a kimono so we can wear them together.
No.
Eh?
Kanna-san!
Hey, Kobayashi-san.
Then, shall we go?
It's a nostalgic flavor.
Oh, and because you got drunk you and your sister-
Yes.
An academics charm...
How cute!
Eh? Which one did you get?
Happy New Year!
Kobayashi, can I invite Saikawa over?
We have plenty of food, too.
Sure. We should let Shouta-kun's and Saikawa-san's families know.
It's not mild, huh?
It's a new year after all.
Eh?
I got to see the first sunrise of the year with Kanna-san, so this should be a good year.
Yes.
That's on break until the new year's over.
I'll do my homework.
Hello?
Oh, Happy New Year.
Is that how it is with human families?
I completely forgot.
New Year's money?
Take care!
Two, Hawk Lucoa!
Omurice, I suppose.
Make some delicious ones, please.
When do you think you'll be getting home tonight?
Time to give my best again today.
First, some trial runs.
Hey.
Thank you very much.
I don't have a choice.
Time to get cooking!
Ehhhh?
Where did you come from, human?
If God exists, then... Hngh!
I was defeated in battle with the gods, and escaped to this world.
Eh?
Drink!
Drink with me!
Oh.
That's right, you tell them! Let me bring an end to it all!
Then...
Right, right!
Kanna.
Speaking of which, were there any humans you were close to in your old world?
All my comrades have been captured,
Oh, sorry!
Yeah.
But at the time I couldn't let myself yield to a human.
If that all ended, would I be free?
What would you do if you had freedom?
You're leaving?
I'm going to cross the mountains and try heading to the next nation over.
Tohru, do you think that bandit girl is still alive?
Who knows?
Well, my apologies.
Use a flame, not a blaze.
That reminds me, this is my first time going shopping with Tohru, isn't it?
Oh hey, Tohru-chan.
Or rather...
Oh, it's the cosplay lady!
Here and there.
I guess she doesn't hate us.
Purse snatcher! Someone stop him!
Huh?
Tohru!
That was cool, lady!
Um, your hand...
But Tohru's out shopping right now.
With your body.
This girl is called Kanna Kamui.
She's an acquaintance of mine.
Lady Tohru went missing, so I came searching for her.
And I sensed your magic power.
You perverts!
Come on, look me in the eye and answer.
Yes.
So you can't trust anyone in an unknown world?
I'm bored with it.
Yeah!
No, please come!
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait!
Huh? We were at human standards, though?
Do, do... hmm...
Hmm?
I'll go, too!
Tohru-chan seems to have her act together, though.
And that?
An ice cream stand.
This world is peaceful.
Seems like there aren't.
I came to this world to escape.
Like Miss Lucoa and Mr. Fafnir.
This is fun, isn't it?!
Lady Tohru, what does "myriads" mean?
Understood!
It's not because I'm a dragon.
Well, I should go shopping soon.
Let's go with that, then.
What will you do if you have a reason to return?
Tohru, this isn't where you belong.
Eh?
Kanna-chan, wake up!
I totally forgot!
Kobayashi-san, did something happen?
I see.
Staying this late, pulling overtime.
I see.
Well, Kanna-sama, Ojou-sama, good night.
To the other world.
Why did you come back without permission?
I told you. We're forbidden from interfering in this world.
Before you get hurt.
Umm...
You can't interfere in this world, right?
And most of all she's a maid!
You rebelling against me.
Come home, stupid daughter.
Kanna? Kobayashi-san?
I can never understand that.
That's wrong.
You're wrong!
Good morning, Tohru.
In that case, I'll prepare some chocolates.
I'm home.
Guess I'll hire her.
Here you go.
Next, laundry maid!
Wait, why are you asking me what I dislike?
You saved me, Miss Kobayashi!
Very well! You can count on me!
Wait, what?
There are plenty of other girls you could ask, you know.
Why you...
N-No! The level's just so low I don't feel like joining in, that's all!
Tohru!
Here it comes!
Huh?
You call that embarrassed!?
We'll just say I drank too much.
From now on, I'll just lick you directly inst
Also, the way you do laundry is a problem too!
Good.
Next, I wash the delicate fabrics by mouth.
Oh, I get it. You want me to make a show of it.
That's right, so I don't need to change.
Oh, I see.
I bought you some casual clothes either way.
Ah...
Oh, but please don't start serving God.
Wow!
What do you think?
Well, Tohru,
use the Internet to study up on hygiene practices until I get home.
Oh!
That breath...
I found you.
All right, good night.
It's cramped.
Do you want me to get out?
Nah, it's fine.
Good night.
'Sup faggots!
What else?
Hmm?
Huh?
Wasn't that nice of him?
Well, shall we buy some dessert?
Wow.
Miss Kobayashi, may I stop him?
What does your tail taste like, anyway?
Is my package here?
What did you just say?
Come home with me.
I'm not going home.
Kanna...
Kanna, do you mean...
Come on, look me in the eye and answer.
There!
Here!
I wanna play!
She wants to run around and play outdoors.
Well then, would you like to play with me outside today?
I hate exercising.
But we saw some on the TV the other day.
I'll be sleeping over here.
Yes.
Oh, dragon!
Since when has she been so attached to me?
If you keep being selfish, I'll have to clobber you.
Have a good day at work!
Apparently it imposes burdens called "vehicle inspections" and "loans."
That's wicked!
Well, there's hardly ever any need for it anyways.
Kanna, supposedly there are myriads of gods living here.
Sorry, Kobayashi.
Somewhere in the area, if possible.
This feels good!
 Seek and destroy the dust. 
I might be. I do like taking baths and brushing my teeth.
Well, actually...
Makes you sound like a rare monster.
Huh!?
That's really lewd by human standards!
We don't fall sick even if we're unhygienic.
Actually, while we're on the topic,
Hey, Kanna! Focus on packing
Is this yours?
You know...
Which box are the clothes and towel in?
By the way...
Don't.
A drill?
You people are too noisy!
Okay.
Not mincing words, huh?
What about your friends, Tohru?
Hello. Pleased to meet you.
Uh, did you walk here dressed like that?
I suppose you changed her.
I'm grateful to Tohru too.
I never used to smile much either.
Okay.
Fine by me, but only if I can check for curses first.
Stop it. You'll mess up my inputs.
Seriously, stop it.
That's impossible!
That's a mimic.
That was a mimic too.
That's my way of life.
Oh, school?
What is it, Kobayashi?
Feathers plucked from live birds around this time of year make for great pens.
How about this thing that looks like a dragon's mouth?
You use it to mark your property.
And I'm not sure if I want to ask or not.
It costs that much?
I think the school said to get these ones.
They all look the same to me.
Looking forward to school, Kanna?
Look, look.
Good morning, everyone.
Nice to meet you.
Can you solve it?
A perfect game for the savage humans.
Hey, Kobayashi Kanna!
H-Here, stop crying. I'll give you some candy.
I've seen plenty of dragons lose sight of themselves trying to do exactly that.
I completed my mission too!
Miss Kobayashi!
I'm bored of this game now.
I'm back.
I love you.
Sorry. We don't have time to play with you.
Are you scared of the great Saikawa taking you to school?
You American gorilla!
Huh?
Do you know the rules?
Don't worry. It'll work out somehow.
Tohru.
Only one way to find out.
Well, aren't you useful.
Oh, like this?
Like you're an old lady about to be shipped off to a retirement home!
That's wicked!
I can have fun anywhere as long as I'm with you.
I'll be right over.
We'd better take another look at this.
Quit dawdling and get it done already!
Wh-Who keeps doing that?
You must've been bored out of your mind watching me work.
I wanted to know more
We're friends.
so maybe I'll buy a snack for Kanna.
Let's see...
I observed Miss Kobayashi's recent move, so I've got the gist of the process.
Huh?
You've grown too close to humans.
will you be able to kill them?
I'll be fine.
Were you worried about me?
This world is awful.
Lady Tohru?
What? You mean it?
Hey, that stuff from the other day...
Anyone can do it once they learn the trick behind it.
I see.
Here.
Wrong.
This is it.
You can do lots of things we can't.
It looks like we'll have leftovers,
I learned a new magic trick, Miss Kobayashi!
Because you know a lot about maids.
Oh, right.
This is our maid.
You're not even in black and white.
their uniforms slowly evolved into the one you see today.
Precisely.
Green.
The tasty first plucking, right?
Oh, an antique cup!
Here.
I'm most comfortable like this.
I can't breathe, Saikawa.
Honestly, I love you so much I want to marry you.
Apparently, Georgie is Saikawa's older sister.
You decided to live in this world?
Besides, I found somewhere close by.
You let yourself be summoned by a ritual some kid did for fun?
It's hard to call myself a demon.
Sounds like someone's home.
Yikes.
Welcome back, Shouta.
Y-You demon!
That magic circle could've summoned a seriously dangerous and evil demon,
You won't fool me, demon!
I'm helping out Miss Kobayashi big time as her maid.
Huh? You are?
Meanie!
We have a deal, then.
I don't think Lucoa will ever be of use to him.
Okay, fine...
Whoa! Don't come in!
Take a closer look!
I'm really glad you came home early.
and mumbling to himself.
Tonight's dinner is curry.
You fool. You can't go that way.
I know.
Around 21 or so.
Oh, right, Sir Fafnir.
Good night, Sir Fafnir.
Lucoa, no more approaching me naked!
G-Get away from me, pervert!
Is the water here salty?
I like how swimsuits give you a chance to strut your stuff.
Really?
I feel so much better around you.
Saw that coming.
I wanna play already.
Right. Let's play.
Well, to be honest, I'm not really a big fan of the beach.
You really are a demon, aren't you?
More to the right.
Too far! A little to the left.
Don't go into the open sea.
I forgot to tell them to hold back.
Not bad, Kanna.
Miss Kobayashi
Kill... Kill... Kill!
Could you tell me more about your family?
Hup.
What's weighing on your mind, then?
I was thinking about introducing you to my parents.
That's it?
He's really enjoying life in this world!
Your new work, please.
Sorry about that.
You're from the other world, right?
Why don't you let loose in your original form too?
Huh? Hey...
What, really?
Yes.
Of course!
Hello.
And everyone here loves it.
I made it back!
So, thoughts on your first Comiket?
I've reaffirmed my love for you!
Never again!
I'll take care of it.
Really! I'm the greatest!
...Lunch...
You lost by default.
I'll win the next one!
What a sad turn of events.
What's the problem?
I have to take off my shoes.
Sure.
Wow, is it a fruit?
I made dessert too.
U-Um...
Dragons don't stand united.
There's the Order faction, which values peace,
and the Observers, lone wolves who stay out of it entirely.
How dare you trick me!
I'm
I won't hear it!
I-I'm investigating.
Can't I get paid tomorrow?
I'll have it down in no time.
Before you know it, I'll be doing this job like a pro.
Come, come!
I'm hungry.
Not one bit. You're running around like a headless dragon.
What brings you here?
What's this?
Wow, you made this yourself?
Hey, Tohru!
There are a lot of times when I find socializing a pain too.
You'll be unstoppable!
Tohru, you're too dangerous.
Nuh-uh!
Kanna!
Shut up! You got a problem with that?
Yeah, that's called having a problem with it!
Hmm? What's so funny?
Lalala, I'm the cutest maid ever!
Thanks.
Kobayashi.
I'm rooting for you!
work together with our classmates, and compete fairly to the very end!
Done.
Th-Thanks, Kanna.
I-I'm sorry, Kanna.
Your sister is amazing, Shouta!
I'm not the same dragon I used to be.
You can do it!
Fight, Riko!
Kanna!
Go for it, Iida!
Fight, Iida!
But you must be at least a little frustrated you couldn't go all out.
But I do want to let loose today.
Let me in on the fun!
Good grief.
Familiar?
I'm not thrilled about celebrating His son's birthday,
Us, put on a show?
I'd love to help, but work's got me totally swamped right now.
I made time in my busy end-of-year work schedule!
Miss Kobayashi told me you're still dead weight at work,
So we're all on our own this time.
What kind of show will we put on?
Is that your stomach speaking or you?
That thing where humans act atop a stone stage?
A play's a fantastic idea!
But what will we perform?
and her grandmother gently embraces her.
Die!
Really?
You'll pay for that crime with your death!
Fail. Next.
U-Um...
He looks just like a girl.
Should've seen that coming.
Yeah, this is it.
Matches.
You haven't given up yet?
How, exactly?
Amusing.
I can't sell any at all.
W-Would you fancy yourself a hat?
You have been chosen by fate to become a magical girl.
I implore you, wait!
Why not just use magic to heal her?
Very good. That's how humans are meant to be.
Still, the fates are against you.
I have but one staff that will allow you to use your powers.
I am an enchanted fairy.
You mustn't be fooled by this suspicious man's lies.
No, you were a great help.
You're going too far!
I said CG.
I suppose I'll have to get serious too!
Well...
Or do you want to go straight to bed tonight?
It's not every day you suggest we go see the night view.
Seriously?
You really did well.
I'll kill you!
You need to have tickets for that.
Did you use magic, Lady Tohru?
Tissues.
Are you going anywhere, Yamashita?
I'll bring back soft chocolates as souvenirs.
Soft chocolates...
Nope. You?
Welcome home.
You can say that again.
Do you need to visit the restroom?
Take some mochi with you.
Good job.
Don't mention it.
Sone? Is that a rooster?
Well, uh...
No, it doesn't.
Amazing, Miss Kobayashi.
How nice.
She looks so cute.
And that a kimono's bust size can be adjusted too.
Saikawa.
I decided to go with something traditional.
Hmph.
Yes.
Don't you want a charm, Shouta?
I may be able to use it to develop a new curse.
Though it looks like Faf's Curse Anthology 2 didn't sell too well.
Look at my fortune, Miss Kobayashi!
Not much longer to go!
What? For real?
Are you all right, milady?
Since we're all here, why don't we have everyone come over?
What meat is this?
You get a special serving!
You're right about that.
Oh, whatever.
Yeah.
I see.
I talk to them on the phone a fair bit.
New Year's money?
What about you? Anything you want?
 Erase it! Erase it all! 
Rooster, check!
All that's left is making those rice omelettes.
It's like something you'd find on a restaurant menu!
What's with the new look?
You should just change your body next time.
Nothing special!
Make 'em real tasty, okay?
Just for a sec.
You mean from Valhalla's alarm clock?
They're damn good!
What about the rice and veggies?
Now then, let's get cooking!
Hey, hurry up and get that over here!
The deadline's almost here!
Kobayashi! There's an error!
Bears taste great!
You...
Wow, you sure can drink!
Now I'm mad! I'm gonna drink! Let me fondle your tits!
What, really?
Like, what the hell!? Don't make me clean up your underling's mess!
Come again?
The roles differed and required rigorous training! Nothing like those maid cafs
I feel like I was having a pretty important dream.
Allow me to tell you a bit about my past, then.
A bandit?
so I'm all alone now and don't know where to go from here.
If you don't make yourself scarce, I'll kill you.
Let me stay awhile.
You would willingly enslave yourself?
Choose to of my own free will!
Come to think of it, I'd never made any choices of my own.
Thanks, dragon.
but instead I felt a little sad
I'll do everything within my power as a maid to help you relax!
Here it is.
My everything...
Rice omelette.
Are you me?
Do not deceive yourself.
I'm Miss Kobayashi's maid.
And what if Miss Kobayashi...
Lady Tohru went home.
What does that mean?
Welcome back, Kobayashi.
Didn't you go back home?
I'm home, Miss Kobayashi.
Please!
I don't want to!
I want to stay here.
Why are you so fixated on Tohru?
She's cheery and fun to be around.
And, you know, she's my maid!
I respect and admire you, Father.
My...
Are you saying you really think you can co-exist?
We've been co-existing for ages now.
Try having faith in your daughter!
Tohru,
Kanna said she would come hang out again today.
Tohru.
We met in the mountains!
Mountains...
Uh...
Well, I'm sorry for making a promise that I can't keep.
Can you fly!?
Looks like we're gonna have to start from scratch.
Next, laundry maid!
Delivery. Could I get your signature, please?
It's my tail, fried to perfection!
Yeah, no.
Yeah, maybe in your eyes.
I'll learn on the job!
Listen, Tohru.
Very well! You can count on me!
Then...
All right, time to do my best to earn Kobayashi-san's praise!
Welcome home!
I was lonely all by myself.
Well, maybe I could go for one round.
Why you...
It must be hard for you to join in the conversation.
Huh!?
First of all, what's with your maid uniform?
Though I must admit, those horns of yours certainly add to your cosplay level.
You call that embarrassed!?
I'm a closet otaku, so outings like this are very precious to me.
But in exchange, I'll be giving you a little surprise of my own.
All right.
What am I, a demon!?
What do you think?
use the Internet to study up on hygiene practices until I get home.
Oh!
The one who gnaws on that one tree's roots all year long?
The laundry isn't going to dry like this, is it?
Does it still hurt?
Welcome home, Kobayashi-san.
What else?
Huh?
What?
She's my master.
Why are you friends with the fishmonger?
Hello.
Anything sound good?
Good, now that I'm this far away
Wife stealer.
Break up with her! Give her back!
She's an acquaintance of mine.
Went missing?
Hey, take this seri
I knew it!
On our date?
If you're after Kobayashi-san, then I'm sorry, but give it up
She's probably not allowed to return until she reflects on her actions.
I wouldn't trust anyone either.
There!
Here!
Well, whatever.
Oh well.
Oh, I bet you wanted to join in too, right, Kobayashi-san?
Are you made of lithium?
If we're playing around, keep it to human standards.
But we saw some on the TV the other day.
So there you have it, Kanna.
Guess we can play shiritori.
Cloud.
You ate everything but my tail meat again!
Though if you turned it into ground meat, I probably wouldn't notice.
Wha
Kobayashi, where are you going?
Kanna, you have things to do with me today, don't you?
I wanna go with Kobayashi!
See ya later!
That's what those iron boxes are called?
Well, I suppose she does have a lot of compassion for her friends.
It's sweet, like three-legged crow eggs.
An ice cream stand.
So I can't revert to my original form?
I can't.
I see.
I heard you had died,
You're like a retiree.
But, you see, Kanna...
Don't care. I wanna see it.
I see.
Apparently gods reside in all manner of things here.
 Seek and destroy the dust. 
Huh!?
You leave beer cans scattered about
L-Lay off.
Also, your books are all out of order.
I only do those things because it makes me happy when you clean up after me.
So please keep cleaning up after me, okay, Tohru?
Put it on! I want to see you in a maid uniform!
That hits the spot!
So this is a car.
This is the study.
A new life, huh?
Besides, this world has a lot of restrictions.
Tohru.
A drill?
Some strange noise is too annoying!
Sorry.
Am I a bother?
Want to create an excuse to refuse, then?
Don't look so annoyed. He's a nice guy.
In return, can I call some friends too?
They're all well-behaved dragons.
Thanks for having me.
What about your friends, Tohru?
What a diplomatic introduction.
Long time no see.
Pleased to meet you. I'm Kobayashi.
Uh, did you walk here dressed like that?
That's more like it!
That was a mimic.
I suppose you changed her.
Not just her, but her friends as well.
Okay.
They're completely different people when drunk.
Hey, you, lady over there! Turn into a maid right now!
You too, Tohru!
But I already am a maid.
You move, Tohru-sama.
Hurry! Hurry!
I'm not so sure about that.
You just don't get it, Kobayashi-san.
No way.
Uh-huh.
I think the school said to get these ones.
Sometimes you're singled out.
I think I kind of get it.
Yeah.
Very cute.
What's Kanna-chan doing?
Good morning!
Game over!
Everyone's just scared.
You're so cute it both makes me mad and want to hug you!
I challenge you, Kobayashi Kanna-san!
I told you to shut up!
Living among them doesn't mean we have to lead the same lives as they do.
How was school?
But the truth is you're actually here to see how Tohru's doing, aren't you?
Sorry about that!
What, you scared of a little ball?
We have nowhere else to play.
Just say it. Nobody's judging.
Huh? That's weird.
Yeah!
Take this!
I don't like where this is going.
We quickly went from one dragon to four.
Look, Kanna-chan.
Street signRed
Oh, pardon me.
Lady Tohru, move!
Well, time to start moving preparations.
Death to the world,
That sounds too dangerous!
Must be hard having a huge body.
Ah, figures. What kind of places did you choose?
But please clean up your trash and clothes.
Miss Kobayashi!
Well, next up's packing.
Go ahead.
Lady Tohru, so pretty!
Thank you very much.
Huh?
Oh well, fine.
I'll wash your body as thanks for yesterday.
Over here, over here.
Thank you so much, Miss Kobayashi!
You're welcome.
Make sure not to let your horns stick out.
I'll start with Ms. Sasakibe on our right.
Here, let me share some.
My apologies, but could you please be more mindful of the noise?
Music?
A drill?
and make a schedule?
Besides, it's only natural to cause some bother
to others when people go about their lives.
There are times when I think so.
I think a life like this is acceptable, too.
Well, then why not create an excuse to refuse?
Don't worry.
I'm home.
Once you cut into them, back away.
Now, ignore that treasure chest...
Must be thanks to you.
Yes.
Can you drink?
Not having that wisdom of life aura means they're out! Got it!
Yes.
Huh?!
But that's impossible.
You used to be more stoic.
Kobayashi-san.
How's that thing I asked you to do coming along?
Listen up!
Don't talk back to me!
Christ, talk about useless!
Not at all!
Then, I guess you can...
I'll help you find a place to stay.
That's why I did it all for you.
You seemed like a "mountain warrior" kind of guy in your dragon form.
This is my home now.
I'm sure I won't regret it.
Because Kobayashi-san is here!
Money, huh?
Tohru-dono?
How did you find this place?
Are you really sure?
Indeed I shall.
Wh-What would you do without me?
Do you really need ESP, Tohru?
Here.
Is it fun?
and talk about the maid life.
Ojou-sama, I believe introductions are due.
Let me introduce you.
their uniforms slowly evolved into the one you see today.
Wh-What do you want to play?
Oh, I know of that.
One where a princess becomes a maid.
I-I'm in heaven!
Then...
Huh? Where?
It happened when I was on my way home from your place one night.
They gave me a room upstairs, so we can chill there.
I've been meaning to ask you something.
Well, I'm still in charge of cultural restoration and propagation.
Sorry, Shouta-kun.
So yeah, we end up going full circle like that every time.
but one day we'll go back home.
To that end, my dad worked hard to inherit and maintain our bloodline.
I'm helping out Kobayashi-san big time as her maid.
I'm pretty sure he's the managing director of my company.
Suck.
I won't lose today.
I got knocked out.
You mean the one you're selling at Comiket?
Can't you improve this somehow?
Will this help my hair?
Don't you know what they say?
I don't mind.
Seeing a crowd like this really makes me want to mow them down, Kobayashi-san.
Don't.
Yeah, it is.
Look good, don't they?
Here I go, Kobayashi-san.
Am I applying it right?
You might as well let him think you're a demon now.
It's not safe.
I called out to him from behind thinking he was Rahab.
You bet. It feels amazing to swim to my heart's content.
Let's race to that thing, Tohru-sama.
You're on!
What's the matter?
Kobayashi-san.
They even sent me to college.
Oh, it's nothing.
Tohru.
This really is incredible!
In my parents' eyes, I'm probably the odd one out of the two.
Does that mean I've become a grown-up?
Oh, you've got a bite, Kobayashi-san!
Yeah.
Showing and selling stuff you make to like-minded people, like us.
Are you a cosplayer?
Sorry about that.
The end of line starts here!
Er... It should be around here.
What are you looking for?
Can I take a look at your book?
And for only 1,000 yen! So cheap!
Oh, you too?
Yeah. What brings you here today?
Uh, I guess?
So you provide context instead of denying it, huh?
Your outfit is completely out of line.
Yes.
Take Fafnir-san and Lucoa-san, for example.
I'd like to stretch out my wings a little bit too.
Can I take a picture?
Well, I'm honestly having a hard time.
They were talking about you too,
Huh? Hey...
I'll take care of it.
I'll win the next one!
Got it.
This is unusual.
I can hardly believe you got into a fight with Kobayashi-san.
See you soon.
What a sad turn of events.
I'm actually happy to see Tohru-kun like this.
She's my maid, but that doesn't mean she can't be my friend too.
It sends chills down my spine.
I'm sorry.
The last time they fought, they wiped three islands off the map.
Or not, I guess. Looks like she's embarrassed.
Before you talk about maintaining this world's order, try following its laws.
Dragons don't stand united.
and I'm with the Chaos faction.
We've never seen eye-to-eye.
Nothing.
I simply looked out for her beloved order.
Like I'd believe you!
Have you not eaten anything since yesterday?
Isn't that...
I'll be joining your workforce today.
But I've learned how to use... alphabetical input, was it?
What should I do about food and rent?
In terms of strength, yes,
Why, you...
Not even the furniture...
I'm hungry.
Do you want a full-course meal? A ceremonial feast?
You seem strangely worked up.
What brings you here?
Or maybe even get you to pat me on the head.
Oh, how about this?
You have to come, Kobayashi!
What, are you saying you don't want me there without Kobayashi-san?
And I understood they had to put keeping the family afloat first.
Kanna's parents took a pretty hands-off approach.
But there's more to a sports meet than that.
A sports meet?
You know, you might be right.
Tohru-sama, perception blocking.
Trying to go to the sports meet?
You took down Hades?
Excuse me, ma'am, could you please hurry up?
Where? Show me.
Break a leg, Kanna!
We have to link shoulders now.
Next group, get ready.
Tohru, what kind of meat is this?
Okay.
Here we go.
Fight, Riko!
You can do it!
Let's do this!
Yeah, they did well out there.
Kanna's class is in second now.
Go for it, Iida-san!
I'm so sorry!
Um, I'm sorry!
I messed up!
We only won because you closed the gap as much as you did.
You're very welcome.
It was my pleasure.
Great! Let's face off in a triple threat!
Now's the time to seek help from my merry band of friends.
Besides, I can't meddle with this world's affairs!
I came here because you said it was important,
So?
How about an eating contest?
A race!
and her grandmother gently embraces her.
I'm Fafnir, the director.
I will not take kindly to any complaints.
Don't think, feel.
You dare to ignore me?
I-I-I'm sorry!
He looks just like a girl.
matches.
Kanna's been chosen to play the lead.
Of course!
Now then, I should get Kobayashi-san's dinner ready.
Would you like to buy some matches?
Do we have a chimney, Tohru-sama?
What the heck?
What are you doing?
Why is a random passerby refusing because of Kobayashi-san?
How, exactly?
The lead should really be a magical girl.
Will he really come?
Did we make it?
The stage is yours.
Excuse me, young lady.
W-Would you fancy yourself a hat?
And that's a real flame up there!
Sure, got it!
Why not just use magic to heal her?
What do we do now?
Leave it to me.
Bad guys, come out, come out, wherever you are.
One, two, one, two, one, two...
This fire allowed me to sneak into Kira's residence.
So you show yourself, Kira!
That's a source of corruption.
You're going too far!
I said CG.
Walking Saikawa-san home.
But everyone was enjoying it.
You deserve an Oscar for that, Fafnir-san.
Oh, you pitiful human.
Last try! We'll win this time for sure!
Going back home?
I have Winter Comiket at the end of the year.
You're always so busy, so make sure you take it easy over New Year's.
I'll do just that.
Oh.
We could make the New Year's soba right before we have to eat it tomorrow, right?
Who, indeed?
Looks like it's for you.
Oh, Sasakibe-san?
Please, help yourself.
Have some.
Stuff like how the rat stole first place by riding the ox.
What part of the story doesn't make sense?
Well, it's just a fairytale.
Tohru.
New Year's cards?
Nope.
My mother taught me how to do it a long time ago.
Yeah.
I kept losing to the kotatsu's allure the past few days,
So cute!
Oh, you're here?
This takes me back.
Say, Kanna-san. Why don't we get matching ones?
You want one?
I could make a much more effective one.
I come from a family of mages.
So adorable.
S-Stop it!
Though it looks like Faf-kun's Curse Anthology 2 didn't sell too well.
It didn't sell back in summer, either, and he still made a sequel?
Georgie-san, you got great luck.
I've never seen a great curse before.
Well, I guess the only way from here is up.
Are you all right, Ojou-sama?
You really went all-out, huh?
So good!
It's a new year.
It's just another sunrise.
The first one of the year is to be celebrated.
It doesn't air during New Year's.
What the heck?
Anything.
Ko...
Then...
Oh, Happy New Year.
Yeah, bye.
You bet!
Who was it on the phone?
My life here with you is more like home for me.
This is the first time I've got any.
I'm going to have a good first dream.
Oh, thanks.
Have a good day, you two!
Sign here, please.
Thanks as always.
Presto!
It's nothing special!?
Oh, it's you, Lucoa-san?
I brought snacks.
Sure. Thanks.
If I got good rice, vegetables, and eggs...
Gullinkambi.
For real?
The elves and I aren't exactly on good terms,
Roar!
Get me another, my man!
Coming up.
Bears taste great!
from whence did you come?
Whoa! It's a dragon! I wanna hug!
Drink up!
Wow, you sure can drink!
This whole world's unfair!
Quit thinking all dragons are like the lolicons who demand village girls!
Then...
Kobayashi!
I'm proud of this one.
Help me out, Takiya.
Thinking back, nothing was forcing me to stay.
Have I ever realized I was free?
I live in chaos, and fight the sacreds.
Yeah, a maid.
Yeah.
You're leaving?
For now, I'll cross the mountains and go to the neighboring country.
I'm sure I'll find something there!
I guess spending a rare day off at home relaxing.
I'll do everything within my power as a maid to help you relax!
I hope the skies clear up.
How is it?
I'm mixing up temperatures and flavors depending how you're feeling at the time.
Your wish is my command!
I'll be back in a bit, then.
How long will you keep this up?
I don't want to.
I'm Kobayashi-san's maid.
Father?
You must realize why I'm here.
Welcome back, Kobayashi.
Yeah.
It's me, Tohru!
I'm home, Kobayashi-san.
Yeah. Welcome back, Toh
What?
Father.
Please!
No.
The rules of the universe mustn't be broken.
It might not be a problem yet, but eventually, someone could come here plotting an invasion.
What I said is entirely possible.
Why are you so fixated on Tohru?
I want to choose where I belong myself.
But only as a dragon.
Then...
Stay out of this, human.
Why are all dragons like this?
I can never understand this side of you guys.
Respect, you say?
I'll give you my everything!
Morning, Tohru.
Wanna come with me?
A dragon?
You're damn fast!
Looks like I'll have to teach you from scratch.
That's filthy! Be mindful of appearances!
Last one! Kitchen maid!
Oh, I see. So you're a picky eater, then?
I'll learn from the ground up!
Wouldn't you usually ask what I like?
So I'll use my entire being to repay the favor!
I'd like you to use me to commute to work again tomorrow!
I had enough of that today. You're hard.
Strong enough to bring about Armageddon.
It'll be a relief to know you're here keeping the house safe.
Calls?
That's helpful!
Hold the fort down well?
Mhmm. Wait, what?!
You're like one of the guys, though.
I won't allow it!
Huh? You're not drinking any liquor, Tohru?
No.
It's hard for you to join in the conversation, right?
Let's talk more about Ragnarok and Armageddon!
Miss Kobayashi?
T-Takiya-san?!
This has gone beyond joining or not joining the conversation.
I-I'm sorry.
Strip.
Y-Yes!
Show us what you're made of!
So humans all soil their clothes with waste products?
But these are my scales.
Well, you are doing a lot for me, so I wanted to thank you.
Would you like to drink my fresh blood?
Hmm, I still don't quite get it.
I'll ask knowledgeable Quetzalcoatl instead.
the goddesses purify it, so the tree stays clean. But...
Yes?
That breath...
What are you looking at and studying?
Good grief. Why did you completely burn our ingredients?
Have more faith in the gas stove.
So your standards are basically based on your past experiences, huh?
Wasn't that nice of him?
You definitely don't understand.
I'll throw some extra in.
Hey!
Here and there.
Huh? Really?
Speaking of lightning, there's the Norse god Thor... is your name related to that?
Absolutely not.
Uh, can you do it without exposing yourself as a dragon?
Tohru!
Amazing, Tohru-chan!
Just now, I was scared.
Yes.
How does tail taste?
But she's Tohru's friend, right?
Huh?
This girl is called Kanna Kamui.
Lady Tohru went missing, so I came searching for her.
I saw you on your date at the bazaar!
Why... you!
Kanna-chan, do you mean...
Th-That's not true.
Come on, look me in the eye and answer.
Kanna, please tell us honestly about what you're planning.
Actually...
I don't trust humans!
That's natural.
I wouldn't trust anyone either.
Let's live together.
When I was a kid I spent my days playing video games, though...
Yeah!
How can I sleep?!
What are you battling to the death over all of a sudden?!
If we're playing around, keep it to human standards.
Yeah!
Was it?
Is she a maid, too?
Magic words.
How do they play?
This is how children learn the means of combating monsters in the sky!
Is it wrong to revert to my original form?
Lady Tohru?
So I was happy to find you survived.
but Miss Kobayashi saved me.
That might be close.
Yeah.
She'll be mad at you.
What? That's scary.
Sorry, Kobayashi.
Beer, beer.
Hmm...
now clean, clean everything.
Must be hard having a huge body.
They were so annoying.
Understood. I'll overlook the books.
Miss Kobayashi!
Hey, Kanna. Pack properly...
It is, but...
Bath, bath...
Sansan Moving Service!
Huh?
A new life, huh?
You don't like having a human form?
No!
I'll wash your body as thanks for yesterday.
Huh?
Sorry, sorry.
Roger that!
The loud one is the one calling people loud!
That death metal voice is too loud!
Huh?!
So why don't we organize the times we don't want each other making noise,
and make a schedule?
That goes for me, too, you know.
Besides, it's only natural to cause some bother
In return, can I call some of my friends, too?
Please wait one moment.
Nice to meet you.
That's a polite social greeting.
Polite social greeting?
Nice to meet you. Lucoa is fine.
Um, did you walk here in that outfit?
Try again.
Good job defeating him.
Tohru hardly ever used to smile.
Though I'll never say it to her.
I said stop it!
Stop it! I can't see!
She's been gazing at them a lot lately,
It's a conspiracy.
When I was in the other world everyone used quill pens.
Miss Kobayashi!
That's a tool for branding slaves.
Then on to the next stop!
This is the only place in the area that sells backpacks.
That'll be 38,000 yen.
I'm sorry, I'll be paying with card.
That's foolish.
Yeah, I agree it is.
Yeah.
Please hold my hand, too!
Miss Kobayashi!
Even though she's a dragon, she's still a child.
She's practicing her writing.
From abroad?! Wow!
Such an inefficient way to learn.
Yes, that's it!
But everyone's afraid...
of things that are different.
You did! You're so cute, it ticks me off and I want to hug you!
I'd like to be friends.
She's too blundering.
I think there will be some aspects that aren't fun, as well.
Be with them...
Congratulations on entering school.
did things get like this?
You're welcome.
Well, he's here, too.
I'm going to play some other game.
I'm home.
Oh, welcome home, Kanna-chan.
Despite how big this place is, it's a hidden spot people rarely come to.
If you lose, then give up on using this place!
"Mama, help me!"
I thought you weren't going to take a child seriously?
Don't worry, it'll work out.
You called in friends?
That phrasing may be accurate, but it's cruel.
Are you going to surpass us today?
Well, whatever.
Oh, I'll restore the playground to normal.
Kanna-san, aren't you glad we won the dodgeball game?
That's okay.
I'll be happy anywhere if I'm with you, Saikawa.
I must be improving my skills as maid.
You've been happier lately, haven't you, Kobayashi-san?
It's fine, it's fine.
Makes sense anyway.
I'll be right there. Wait a moment.
Kobayashi!
Chief's pushing his work onto Kobayashi-san again...
Thanks for your work.
I wanted to know more about you.
Oh, here you go.
Then why don't you stay he
Just the other day I watched Miss Kobayashi move out, so I understand the process.
Yes.
the sadder I'll be when that time comes, I'm sure.
I do.
Shows the limits of this world.
I'm sure it's hard to live here without a human you get along with.
Oh, if it isn't Fafnir-dono!
Hey, about last time...
Was Mr. Fafnir really worried about me?
He didn't bend it with strength just now, did he?
What were you trying to do?
Listen!
I can't forgive humans!
Empty the mind.
Miss Kobayashi, please look! This is our...
Compilation: Bear Slayer!
Listen, Tohru.
Tohru.
Once you understand, it's simple, isn't it?
You know, the one who joined us for dodgeball.
Let me introduce you.
Yes.
Huh?! Miss Kobayashi, please don't be swayed by this strange maid!
Huh?!
What's that?
Player two, right hand, blue.
I-I-I'm so happy!
Yes?
Save me, Kanna!
What was Kanna-san about to do to me?
Yeah.
Huh? To what?
Sure, but are you sure it's okay?
Actually, that's partly why I decided to live in this world...
Do you think you could talk some sense into them?
Okay.
What?
First, there's something I'd like to ask.
What do you mean?
Oh, you mentioned that before.
A-A familiar can't be acting on their own!
I thought it might be dangerous
if a fiendish demon appeared in that summoning circle,
N-No way...
Apparently you're from a family of mages, but why did you perform that summoning ritual?
So I want to hurry up and...
Then it's settled.
But I don't need it.
Let's hang this.
mumbling something.
I've cleared all the limited time events, so I'm free now.
You're on the fast-track to gaming addiction, huh?
Well, I'm out.
Kanna's really happy about her new umbrella, huh?
And spending that much time on every person is bothersome.
the misses that trespass on my home to steal my treasure are better.
You're a hit.
That doesn't make me happy to hear at all.
You brought a spare swimsuit?
Same for me.
That tsundere thing, right?!
Now, here I go, Miss Kobayashi!
Impressive, Kanna!
That one time I was nearly killed really was a disaster.
On your marks,
go!
Not bad, Kanna.
Well... Miss Kobayashi...?
Every now and then I would like to see my parents.
Really?
I can't.
I'm not sure.
Oh, you've hooked something, Miss Kobayashi.
Tiny.
That's it?
The new one, please.
I understand your policy.
what in the world could be attracting this many people and keeping them all in check?
Tohru-chan!
Bug collecting...
Uh, I think it's around this area...
What are you looking for?
Can I have a look at your book?
Hmph, help yourself.
Th-These are...
Hmm?
You're from the other world, right?
I normally live disguised as a human,
That damn monster?!
Run!
Please don't run!
Dragons must be doing some crazy things.
And in the end, this world is the survival of the fittest, so...
Come with me!
Excuse me, can I take one, too?
Over here, too, please!
Hey, are you okay?
Excuse me.
I'm back.
So how was it? What'd you think of your first Comiket?
Kobayashi-san, there's a lot of talk about Tohru-chan on the internet.
They mentioned you, too.
You'll each be making three dishes: a salad, a meat course, and a dessert.
Done!
Wh-What?!
Hamburger's better!
Last is the dessert round.
You're to bring one item that isn't cooked.
This is unusual, isn't it?
Why did I...?
Because!
At least, Tohru and I both feel that way.
Huh?
Oh, I need to take off my shoes.
Jeez, you flatterer.
Oh?
Last time they fought
You've being very distracting, human!
Even Tohru wouldn't do something like this.
and the spectating faction that doesn't work with either group or each other.
So you're one of the villains.
By force, if I have to!
It was a peaceful resolution.
Haven't you eaten anything since yesterday?
I'll be working with you starting today.
No way!
Wh-What's going on? Why are you here?
I could ask you the same, human.
Then push this.
Now then, when will I earn my pay for today's work?
If you're going to be working with me, I'll have you learn a lot more.
For tonight's dinner...
You've picked up another weird phrase.
Well, you've still got a ways to go.
Oh, Miss Kobayashi, sweet chestnuts!
They're delicious!
Why, you...
How's that?!
It's brand new, as if Shiva passed through!
A space for relaxation doesn't need any of that!
Hold it right there!
Oh, it's fine. I'll get it.
Miss Kobayashi! Good morning!
It turned out well, so.
Be gone, Elma!
I don't have a clue what to do about it.
Often I think human relationships are just confusing.
Tohru! You're too dangerous!
I don't care.
Ball-tossing?
and lots of other events where the whole class works together!
Oh!
Kobayashi. Take the day off.
Also, what is a sports festival?
No, I don't think that's quite right.
Some of my old classmates do have children already...
Sorry, but you'll have to make do with Tohru.
Make do?
So I think that's why she wants you to spoil her.
Good morning, Kanna-san.
Wow, really?
Well, I think it would be nice if I could go.
Lalala, I'm a cute maid!
Oh.
Yeah.
Tohru.
You mean...?
Okay.
No.
Oh, uh...
First on the program is our opening parade.
In moderation!
Do your best!
Yeah.
Yes, okay.
Y-Yeah.
Umm, ma'am, if you could please...
No, wait. Chestnut...
Class 3's tripped on their rope!
Iida, fight on!
Everyone, give it your best!
Their anchor's taking off!
Kobayashi.
You're on.
Let me in, too!
I'm itching to go!
I'm Shouta's familiar, Lucoa.
You want us to?
Everyone, let's do our best!
Well, why not?
You haven't proposed anything yourself!
Do either of you have any ideas?
Saikawa, you know so much. I'm amazed.
I won't accept objections.
It was a good compromise.
Pleasure to meet you.
You foolish, inferior humans!
Number Two, Elma. Nice to meet you.
What is it?
Shouta can be the lead.
Cheer up.
Matches.
I'll be sure to come watch.
We'll get through it easily.
Hello, this is the Kobayashi residence.
What did you come up with then?
So I decided to make the little girl into a magical girl
Chimney?
She can obtain the power to burn this corrupt world to ash.
Now there's nothing from the original left.
Please enjoy the show.
That must be hard.
I only have one staff that will allow you to use your powers.
Wh-Who would do such a thing?
You have my gratitude.
I'll turn you to dust!
They're overdoing it!
I said CGI.
Huh? Where's everyone else?
I'm fine.
Is it?
That's a big help.
To be honest, I was full of anxiety as I watched your play,
Oh.
Merry Christmas, Tohru.
Don't mimic me.
I'll kill you!
Okay, you get three turns.
Huh?
Congratulations!
Nama chocolates...
I have Winter Comiket at the end of the year.
Nope. I'm off until the third.
Oh!
Tohru, you're a maid. Go for me.
Oh, Miss Kobayashi, could you hit the switch on the rice cooker?
Here's some mochi we pounded.
What is it?
Oh, the zodiac animal?
Uh, what else?
But I still can't accept it.
It's impossible for a dragon to come after an Ox or Tiger, let alone a Rabbit!
New Year's Cards?
I haven't written one of these in years.
She lent me a kimono so we can wear them together.
I heard you could eat lots of unusual food here.
Well, it is New Year's.
S-Stop it!
You want one?
You bought an evil-banishing arrow?
How'd Comiket go?
I'm fine. It's your luck, Sis... Georgie.
What does it mean?
eleven, ten, nine,
What's this? Did you make this?
It's good!
Just climb in with us.
Okay.
Yes.
No, today they're running back from Nagaura.
Want to play a game?
Homework?
Mhmm.
Okay!
Oh, Happy New Year.
It went out of bounds!
All right, here I go.
You wrote it.
I see.
Yeah.
Ah.
I completely forgot.
I received New Year's money from Kobayashi.
The Internet? You've gotten used to it, huh.
You said it.
Scary!
I can see why you'd choose a cursed item that's absorbed human blood.
Are these the ones designated by the school?
Kobayashi!
Yeah, cute.
of things that are different.
Yes, farewell!
Hey, you, be quiet!
Be quiet!
Was it fun?
There's no real need for us to be the same as humans.
Here you go.
I'll aid you!
Well?
W-Well, let's play on the seesaw together!
Whatever, we're taking over this place.
Don't listen to her.
Huh?
They destroyed them.
I still haven't had enough.
Are you going to surpass us today?
Isn't this cute?
That's wicked!
Me?
I'm heading out, too.
Yes. Take care!
Bathroom, check!
Coming.
The cushion to help with Miss Kobayashi's lower back pain, huh?
is average?!
I want it to be a little more special.
Though she already warned me not to add tail...
I don't have a choice.
Hereabouts should be good.
Lady Tohru, what's this?
That's...
What about the rice and vegetables?
I thought it best to use rice and vegetables from this world.
Time to get cooking!
Lucoa!
Huh?
It's done, Miss Kobayashi!
Another, man!
The air's nice here!
What?
It has to wear you out.
If God exists, then... Hngh!
So you're a girl, then.
All right! Let's drink together, just us girls!
Oh! I'm sorry.
This whole world's unfair!
And what the hell?! Don't make me cover for your subordinate's mistakes!
I-I do!
I first met that human in an empty, ruined village.
Hmm, guess I'll make this place my home for a while.
Let me stay with you for a while!
I'm not interested in you.
If you don't get lost, I'll just kill you.
You can fly through the sky, and possess such power you'll never lose to anyone.
I want to know what it feels like to be able to live freely in this world.
Hmm?
Be a maid!
I would have a choice.
There wasn't anyone I wanted to see anyway.
I think I should be good now.
You're right.
I see.
The way you used to talk sounds like an old man.
Huh?
All right!
But if she is alive, I bet she's serving as a maid.
Same as you, then.
Kanna!
Cute.
Georgie lent it to me.
Saikawa.
Oh, it's good.
It's not because I'm a dragon.
Omurice, omurice!
That's not so.
Don't deceive yourself.
Lady Tohru!
Huh?
I think the Emperor of Demise, Lady Tohru's father, came to pick her up.
She can't go against the Emperor of Demise.
Kanna-chan, wake up!
Huh?
About those revisions...
I see.
How so?
Want to go for drinks after we're done?
I'm home, Miss Kobayashi!
Why did you come back without permission?
Because this is where I belong.
That was a mean way of phrasing it.
What is it?
But I can leave you just shy of death.
That won't change how I feel!
We must obey the rules of the world.
That wouldn't be Tohru's fault.
You're just twisting this into her responsibility!
Don't tell me you like Tohru?
I know that.
You overstep
Hmph.
If you defy me, I won't show mercy.
Not with a human!
Why are you two fighting?!
Not so.
I believed it would.
Try our new waffles!
One day, the time will come when we have to part.
I'm home.
Sorry, but could you help me out here?
Sure.
I want to see Miss Kobayashi working at least once.
One of my 48 maid skills: perception blocking.
Makes sense anyway.
So I think dragons are better.
Chief's pushing his work onto Kobayashi-san again...
And so many people rely on her, too.
Miss Kobayashi's so cool!
You're useless!
Jeez.
Not at all!
What's going on?
I'll live in some nearby mountain.
I'll help search for a place for you to live, Mr. Fafnir.
Hold on.
Is this me?
I was just curious about what humans are like in this world.
I can't believe there's no money exchange.
Sure thing.
I know I'm one to talk, but this dragon's fairly dangerous.
Yes. Now let's conduct the experiment according to the chart in your textbooks.
Hey!
Weakling!
and that's why you're so desperate to understand what you can't.
You search for the spoon's center of gravity,
Then there's not much I can do.
Such a thick piece of . . .
I'm sorry Aoki-sensei!
Please forgive me for making fun of you.
I cry easily.
I'll call the next group!
I want to close the gap between us
My heart is pounding painfully
Thank you!
Will you quit that, virgin! Keep me out of your sicko imagination!
I said you're wrong! I was just-
Don't deny it! Your love is a love that knows no depth!
Wha?
How annoying.
My name is Kagami Kuro
Ever since then, I thought you're totally awesome!
Shiro-chan, you wanna play?
She called her "Shiro-chan!"
Shiro-chan?
Aoki! Ao-!
I agree!
We really do think alike!
Since you are Shiro-chan, you get a white rose! 
Still, Shiro-chan, I wish you had better fashion sense.
You know I didn't!
Really, didn't feel nothing for that dude?
We're one girl short. What'll we do, Chika?
Come on, Mimi-chan! Let's skip out together!
He's all excited about it, making posters and all.
I'm done with you! Rin-chan you jerkface!
Oh, Kuro-chan!
This kid . . . she's a girl.
You should really follow her example.
Hurting . . . people . . .
That woman is . . .
. . . is the daughter of the Board of Education chair.
Huh?
Look at Shirai!
She's an old bag, but she has a flower stuck to her hair!
Fight!
How's them apples?!
You little piece of . . !
Must administer mouth-to-mouth!
Eh? Eh?
That's because I'm a fourth grader now!
Aaargh, what should I wear...?
Why are you wearing those clothes?
Cute, huh?
That's right.
Ah... ow!
Kokonoe?
Well, I'll be coming home early today.
I-I can't be the rep!
Okay.
I'm the class representative. Any objections?
Okay, Sensei, let me say something.
Getting along with men just isn't her strong suit.
Oyajima-sensei, you're always defending Shirai-sensei.
If you don't pay attention, you'll cut off your finger!
Curry, white stew, croquettes, omelettes, potato gratin...
All right! We're getting ice cream!
Here, enjoy!
It huuurrts...
See you tomorrow!
Ah... I see...
Of course.
Huh? Cleanup?
Here, Rin-chan!
Kokonoe.
If you really are sorry...
Oh... ah, wait!
She so cute!!
The heck...?
is full of...
Rin, where is he?!
Hurry up! It's closing soon!
Huh?
Is everyone fine with Kokonoe representing you all?
All right.
Uh... okay.
The class rep is a role model for everyone.
There's something I'd like to get your advice on...
Whatever issues you have in your class, deal with them yourself.
You should stand up to her, Aoki-sensei!
Let's just make whatever!
Hey now...
Sensei! Look over here!
But I thought guys like digging in this way.
But...
Is it okay if I make something else?
Sensei's giving ice cream to the group that makes the most delicious food!
Hmm, what about nikujaga?
Ours too!
I'm perfect for the job, doncha think?
Uh...
Yeah, yeah, you're a psychic.
I have feelings too, you know!
There you are!
Rin-chaan!
Here, Rin-chan!
massugu kocchi wo mite
hantoumei na kimochi
dou shite Nichoume ni wa ikanai no
ichi ni san de anata no
aishiteiru yori mo motto daisuki
I can handle these things.
Why are you wearing those clothes?
Huh...?
Please, only wear those clothes inside the house.
What?! Look out!
You need to decide for yourselves.
All right!
What?!
Oh?
I guess I feel like, um...
Like I can identify with her.
Be careful when you're using fire and knives!
"Bride?" What century does he think we're in?
Do NOT play with food!
I can't eat nikujaga.
Hey, Rin-chan...
Rin-chan...
We're in the chem lab for an hour!
Bye bye!
Kokonoe!
Huh?
Kagami? Usa?
Huh? Cleanup?
Wait! Virgin!
I'm coming down! Help me out.
I have feelings too, you know!
Rin-chaan!
nazeka munashikute
kono omoi to rinku suru
ushinatte te ni irete
I want to get your - REAL LOVE
Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba, ba, ba-da!
getsu ka sui moku kin do nichi
mousou tomaranai yo
Otehon misero.
ED-Japanese
Dokkin hanamaru egao ga
But...
Hokay, I see.
Uh... pardon me...
There must be parents that would love to take time off from work to talk with us, right?
Aoki-sensei?
I must look like a total idiot.
Yes, good morning!
Uh, well...
You got it all wrong! I'm always this nice!
Where did Rin-chan run off to?
What's with you? You've been grinning ever since we came back.
You're wrong!
Looks like you haven't grown an inch.
Here we go!
Everyone, farewell!
Kuro-chan, calm down!
It's not for me! It's for Kokonoe's sake!
But the way things are going, me having done something that awful to Kokonoe...
Rin-chan has... fallen head-over-heels in love with you.
Uncut virgin!
Um, yeah. I was just passing by on a whim.
You've been doting upon Rin a lot lately.
I thank you for your time.
All right, let's have dinner.
"Kimi no tame da nante iu kedo."
ki . . .
Geh!? Dame rabu rabu junen mo matenai
Fine!
I'll also say that you're a virgin!
Yeah, but...
But, as their teachers, we must know what their home enviroments are like-
Uh...
They were second graders just a short while ago.
And I really wanted to know more about my students.
Okay!
Uh, well...
I want to practice my horizontal bar routine.
Will you come along?
Oh, you're very good!
You got it all wrong! I'm always this nice!
Everyone, make sure to give these to your folks.
Be sure to give this to your relatives-
Oh cra-!
Kokonoe.
Fine with me.
You little... hold up... I'll show you "ding-ding-ding"... ya dummy!
What's with you, Rin-chan?
Where didja put your head this morning?
We'll be waiting!
I am the teacher of class 3-1 at Futatsubashi Elementary.
If you may, I would like to know more about the details.
Correct.
As her guardian, I should be concerned.
Hey Reiji, what do you think of Sensei?
Really?
It's so mortifying don't you think?
As if!
You are so thickheaded, you'll never understand.
anywhere you play, you are going to make new discoveries.
Oh? Right now I make use of that method.
Well, he's still new at this...
Come on, let's get to class.
All right then. Do you wanna see me do a handstand?
I'm already wearing bloomers!
Be sure you apply yourself to subjects you don't like.
If you cheat on me, I won't forgive you!
Gosh, it feels kinda weird.
You know, as a kid, I always used to feel let down when summer vacations ended.
Uh-huh!
Rin-chan!
She does have a point. Aoki-sensei, I'm going to go back and change.
What are you doing, Rin-chan?
I can see him... whenever.
But if we do that, the parents from the PTAfscx200-
You can see what goes on from that very spot.
If I do that... you'll...
Sensei, your glasses are slipping!
What are you going to do now that you're all wet?
Hey!
Why you...
Huggie!
BU! BU! BU!
Geh! No way! I ain't waiting ten years to LOVE LOVE!
I'm sure, my words won't reach you.
LUCKY I gobbled down your earlobe.
Heart racing, I get a flower on my test, smile and go
Baby, won't you haaaaave . . .
Live by what you preach.
When I hear your true desires
You are so thickheaded, you'll never understand.
Mimi-chan, where are you going for summer vacation?
Anywhere you play, you are going to make new discoveries.
Yeah...
All right then. Do you wanna see me do a handstand?
Make sure you keep up the good work!
Okay!
Be sure you apply yourself to subjects you don't like.
If you betray me, I won't forgive you!
You know, as a kid, I always used to feel let down when summer vacations ended.
Uh-huh!
Rin-chan!
Do... does it look weird?
Hey, you there! No running!
They say that your breasts will get bigger if you massage them.
Oh, thanks for coming!
Here we insert sign about the fireworks
I think this looks just about right.
Yeah...
The festival is also coming up...
Kokonoe!
Uh - that's not it! I'm worried about Kokonoe. Kokonoe.
Mimi-chan!
Kokonoe!
You're right about that, but like this?
Look, it's getting dark, it's time for you to go home.
No.
Sensei...
It sure is.
Tamaya!
The ghost of the cotton candy geezer.
What's going on here?
Heart racing, I get a flower on my test, smile and go
A thought-over impulse is also great
BU! BU! BU!
The shards of glass...
ki . . .
You have to feel for him.
How is it?
The best.
Wow...
Sorry. I'm not quite...
They said they'll let me work for them as I study to build up my credentials.
You've been feeling pretty worn out lately, haven't you?
Are you all right?
How does it look, Aki-san? Do I look odd?
You look fantastic, and very... hand... some...
Wh-What?!
So you're going to treat me as an adult... only at night?
I'll see you later.
It was a secret getaway, but I guess people found out about it.
Now my "n"...
Yeah! Even bigger!
Rin! You shouldn't be running!
Aki-san?
Dummy.
If you're not feeling well, we should stop.
Have you been a good girl at home?
Always.
I beg you.
It's beautiful!
Mon yo.
They can just die.
Being here must be hard for you.
Why?
What kind of magic did you use on her?
Wow . . .
Here's your lunch.
In your mind, your mother and father aren't really gone.
Ah! If you don't leave, you're going to be late!
At this point, if we prescribe radiation treatment and anticancer drugs, we may be able to delay the progress as much as we can.
When you do this . . .
No way.
We can't.
There, there.
Why did you keep this from me?
Nope. I am always going to stay right with you.
I'm sorry.
Fun my left eye, it'll be a nightmare.
All right, let's go!
Hey, kids, quiet down a little!
Use your inside voice!
Stop that!
Don't be stupfscx200-
No, they're wrong! I'm their teacher!
Guys... be quiet...
Please refrain from last-minute boarding.
Hey, can't you three hurry up and get moving?
There's no bathroom until we hit the peak.
Oh...
Ah, Sensei...
Those are mine!
Please have these sent back immediately.
The day just flew right past, and there's more stuff I wanna do.
No... just this feeling...
Hmm?
Were you able to see, Mimi-chan?
Something's up.... something's definitely up.
Can you give me a second?
Is... Is there something wrong?
On top of that, he didn't even let me in his room...
Be it "groper!" or "he's forcing himself on me!"
You can't do orienteering if you're like that!
H-Hey! Wake up you girls!
For you, right now we'll have our WEDDING.
That's dangerous, forceful - GO! IN!
I had a dream where Rin-chan turned into a boy!
All the unfair stuff that adults keep doing?
"You better keep your promises!"
And you'll come to think that I'm totally adorable.
...dirty boy.
Stop that!
Groper!
No, they're wrong! I'm their teacher!
Will they shut up?
It looks so refreshing!
Everyone's left you behind!
What the hell? Uppity little virgin!
Well, you'll just have to go somewhere around here.
Sensei, don't look over here!
Okay!
Now that you mentioned it...
Every year you Futatsubashi kids are so lively.
...we've got some luggages delivered here.
The electric toothbrush, nail cleaner...
Yeah, what?
What if...
The night is young, and so are we!
Okay!
Hmm?
What's up?
Huh?
What can you do?
They'd always hide themselves around here in order to snoop...
Hey!
Will I be able to make it to the morning in one piece?
Yes!
No, um....
Oh, it's nothing, still today was really exhausting though.
even if your skills are lacking.
He probably thinks I'm in heat or something.
But still, he didn't even let me in his room...
Be it "groper!" or "he's forcing himself on me!"
Houin-sensei is sure to believe me.
No, not there-
Hm?
Right...
Ah!
That's just your drool!
About your premature ejaculation?!
A HEART BEAT that is so loud
So I'll just kiss you warmly.
A thought-over impulse is also great
I'm fed up, with all my might, I hit C, am I'm flying?
Good morning, Sensei!
Yes, good morning!
She was Shirai-sensei's contemporary.
If that's the case...
Hey... can you hold me on your lap?
When? Why? How does it happen?
Rin-chan?!
But your hair...
Yeah, just come up with whatever last name you can think of.
I just knew public schools were filled with dumpy loser kids!
What's with that girl?
Umm....
Let's go!
Okay!
I'm... kind of glad.
Is Rin-chan in your class?
Sensei will get mad at you!
No!
My very own doll... I'll make you even cuter and cuter!
Am I right?
That was then, this is now!
Bye!
I'd be pregnant!
In return, tomorrow let's go back to the way things were. Forget this ever happened.
She was crying?
Ruuru ni shibatte pinchi! Naitatata
BU! BU! BU!
Mou, mou?
I don't remember raising a son that gets a rise from women over 20!
Sore wa watashi ga . . .
Atama katai ne wakattenai
Onnanoko wa sunao ni naru no
Kawaiku omowaretaku naru no
Sou iu
Good morning, Sensei!
...the first sign of slacking off shows up in the attire-
It's sexual harassment to anyone who sees it!
In any case, make sure to avoid all bodily contact with female children, are we clear?
Then there's...
Cleaner! Now!
Kuro-chan, good timing!
And I brought the makeup like she told me.
Rin-chan?!
I tied it and put it down my back.
And I made it black with some color spray.
Rin-chan... is hot!
No, it's fine, she doing it as a boy.
Nobody gets lovey-dovey with someone from the same sex... uh-
She's so cute with that long hair!
Why aren't you talking to us?
A... Are you okay?
Is Kokonoe...
That's not all...
No...
My mo... ther's...
Rin-chan...
Um, I was seeing if I had a wee-wee.
I remember now!
Mimi-chan, save mee!
Uh, I'll...
I'll be heading home.
Oh, I'll be seeing you!
Kokonoe!
Uh, um... about yesterday-
There, done!
All right, that's one in the bag.
Put me down!
Eh?!
Oh, who was it?
I'm sure the name tag said "Itou."
Kokonoe.
I was wrong.
Hit me, kick me, do whatever you like.
I knew it, it's still too much for her.
If you swing your arms more, your legs will start to go right along with them.
Everybody, you've been doing your best!
Sorry... boy.
Yeahhhh!
Whew, thanks to you the kids are all fired up.
What's going on?
Hey, Sensei!
I'm so happy! I'm so excited!
I want to do my best!
Maybe your body grew again?
Don't be rash!
I mean, if Kokonoe's around, would we even need the vice-rep?
Burn!
Sensei is counting on me...
You're acting bizarre, Rin-chan!
But even though Sensei saw the weak me, the ugly me...
He accepted the whole me without running away.
Oh no! I turned around!
Wait.
Ugh.
Aaah!
Of course! Usa... more like U-suck!
I am hoping deep in my heart
Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba, ba, ba-da!
de . . .
Come on!
For today's independent study, you'll be reading.
From now on, I won't be easy on you guys.
Okay, keep it quiet.
I still have my respectability.
Mm? Kokonoe!
Don't bring everybody into this!
Get a grip, Kyouko! That's hoping for too much!
I'm home.
Say, Reiji...
Have you lost your appetite?
Like... I... said, those kinds of games are notfscx200-
Everybody, run!
Kokonoe!
Kokonoe!
She's just an old bag.
It'll be fine!
Any cellphone, manga and gaming device that I see will be immediately confiscated.
The virgin is great at taking a beating, so he can't possibly succumb to that!
Now the cold's affecting my stomach...
Garbage? Why you...
Oh... uh, thanks.
Huh?
He must first do what he's supposed tofscx200-
We've thought of everything.
I'm sorry, this is all my fault.
Pain, pain, fly away...
Oh her... even if I was...
Just leave it to me!
Thanks a lot, Houin-sensei.
You should! They whisper too much and are impossible to settle down.
How on earth could you teach them?
I'm fed up, with all my might, I hit C, am Im flying?
A HEART BEAT that is so loud
Heart racing, I get a flower on my test, smile and go
I want to lick off those welling tears, to wipe them away for you.
As if!
Nuh-uh, no way, I don't want.
N... No. You're embarrassing me.
No you can't! Now listen here, during school hours...
Lucky! I'll be reading mangas.
No mangas.
Mm? Kokonoe!
Huh?
If you have a boyfriend...
Okay, okay.
I'm going to go change!
H-Hey, Kokonoe!
I hate you so much.
Now wait...
What the hell was up with that?
It'll be boring without Sensei.
It'll be fine!
Coming!
Girls!
You take pictures with women despite being a virgin?
Really now, you need your rest!
I don't really have much of an appetite yet...
Kuro-chan, are you sure about having Aoki-sensei be alone with Rin-chan?
It's not your fault.
Hoin-sensei!
We're back!
Oh, looks like we got more growing children to feed.
You're really good at cooking.
Ah... yeah...
Hmm?
Kanchigai no doujou
Yada yada iranai
me . . .
Mon yo
But I forgot it was in the back of the closet!
Or a.... nutcracker doll...
The real problem would be the reverse.
So you can know a parent by how they dress their kids?
Bye-bye!
Sensei! Here's the library card!
Oh, Usa. Thank yfscx200-
Rin-chan, welcome back!
Reiji...
Reiji-san!
"Mimi-chan...."
We could have gone to a ritzier restaurant, you know.
Lick it.
Okay... we're not talking about your cuts anymore, are we?
That guy sees Kononoe....
Uh, excuse us!
It's about Rin-chan.
Mimi-chan?
You really stepped in it now, Aoki Daisuke!
Oh...
I mean, I was going about like I understood the situations of all the other kids.
You still don't have the skills.
with a woman...
Are you... mad?
Ah...
Okay, then I'll pick...
Now I'm glad I didn't do it.
Kennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
Yabai gouin - GO! IN!
Kanchigai no doujou
Honne nara kiku kedo
Mon yo
Oh, there they are!
The real problem would be the reverse.
I'm fuzzy on a lot of things.
Color me surprised!
Hmm?
For picking up the slack for the other kids who adore me.
That's not what I mean!
What about the library card?
Although a lot has happened, I feel that I've finally found my stride.
I guess I should give some credit to my many run-ins with Kokonoe.
And Kuro-chan will look all baggy in Mimi-chan's clothes!
Oh, I actually agree.
I'll see you guys tomorrow!
Mimi-chan...
I wonder what I should get...?
Isn't that great, Rin?
She's bleeding!
Lick it.
You're no fun.
Next Sunday... can we go on a date?
Are we going? Or are we not?
Isn't that just part of the skirt...
If you don't, I'll tell Reiji you took off my panties!
You know what's up, right?
Wh... Why would you think... I'd know about that?
What happened?
Are you... mad?
Wow, what a spread!
Everyone has already left.
Tell me...
Hell yeah, I also got what it takes!
He's not going to outstrip me!
Kennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
Kikoe sugi dayo HEART BEAT
Baby, won't you haaaa . . .
Um, nah... never mind. Forget it.
to . . .
And you'll come to think that I'm totally adorable.
Naturally.
Those people are long gone.
But why?
I forgot.
You're blushing!
B Team won!
Sensei is happy now?
You did take out someone from the sideline.
I can't do stuff right because you keep staring at me with those horndog eyes of yours!
Huh?!
Okay, dismissed!
I won! I won!
Huh?
How come I didn't notice sooner?
Hmm?
My cell's back in the staff lounge!
Okay.
It's cold, do you want me to catch a cold?
I'll be leaving now.
Thank goodness. Come with us.
Huh?
...I make you hate me.
But then, I thought you hated me.
I guess you cant get any bars in here.
You were here... all alone with Rin!
Kokonoe!
Rin... you're...
Let's go, Rin!
Just listen to what Aoki-sensei has to say!
I'm going to Kokonoe's house!
But, I can't just leave Kokonoe alone now...
Then act accordingly.
Baby, won't you haaaaave . . .
Nuh-uh, no way, I don't want.
Just stop!
"...must be hard for you."
Get yourselves ready, we'll assemble in five minutes.
He isn't anything like him.
Hmm...
K-Kuro-chan!
I didn't want to ignore him, but this..?
Sorry, sorry! I totally forgot you're into mosquito bites.
Then it's no wonder why Sensei pays way more attention to Rin-chan and Kuro-chan
Huh?!
Okay, dismissed!
Uh, right!
Don't be stupid, just help!
Even before I came to this school... long before that...
Excuse me!
Excuse me!
Rin... where are you?
Nights are starting to get really chilly.
Boy I envy him.
I should have told him "If I win, you'll treat me to something to make up for that other time!"
Why so stupid, Kyouko?
Is she lonely?
I'm sure we don't need...
Rin, answer me!
Wha... What's your...?
Eh?
I'm talking to him again-
Yes... I apologize.
Let's see...
So would you like stuffed cabbages or twice-cooked pork?
Kiss you with love? That's a big NO NO! Adult thinking.
That's dangerous, forceful - GO! IN!
So I'll just kiss you warmly.
Kiss! I've been tied by the rules and in a fix! I cried my eyes out
If you wanna taste, go ahead and try it on the fly
Baby, won't you haaaaave . . .
So is it okay if I touch yours?
Aoki-sensei?
Hold on!
Oh, it's fine. Very interesting in fact.
Rin...
"I'll be here for you."
Everyone is...
Can't my voice reach you?
Isn't that... a bit much?
Yes.
A-Anyways, I have the duty to protect Rin.
What could you possibly know as a grown-up!
Hear me! Hear my voice!
That was it, huh?
I... wounded Reiji.
I... want to go back to school.
I mean...
But, I do really want to understand, I don't want to give up.
Aaagh, I'm not sure how to put this...
Welp, it wouldn't be right if I stayed too long or wake him up.
I think I'll get going.
All right, I'll see you.
You sure blow all right!
You're being too loud, Aoki-sensei!
Yeah...
She doesn't use any rough language, but she's still good at badmouthing.
Oh, I'm sure she lashes out out of love.
Hmm?
Houin-sensei?
Really Rin-chan!
Wait for us!
But while we rest, and while we stumble
Gawd, what are you doing?!
Panting like some mutt over a little girl - that sexual pervert!
Right now, just watch and wait.
Aoki-sensei...
So, what do you want to ride?
...and Aoki, huh?
I cannot... break my promise to her.
Sensei is... waiting for me.
Why... Reiji?
Sensei must also be suffering from withdrawal.
Can't connect today either.
Virgin!
You're hiding something, aren't you?
If we're talking about living things...
Wh... What are you doing?!
What could you possibly know as a grown up?!
A grown up? You're an adult too, you know.
Rin!
Hear my voice!
I see...
He's just knocked out.
I put Reiji in shock, didn't I?
But...
Actually... I don't.
Well... I was raised in a normal home, went to a normal college...
But you also taught me that it's never too late to learn.
Aoki-sensei...
And... Sensei believed in me too.
So you're too cool for indirect kisses?
Okaay..
Just like that other time...
Really Rin-chan!
Right now, indirect ones are fine by me.
I've decided I don't have to rush it!
Sometimes... there are things we do in a hurry.
Rock, Paper, Scissors!
Chi... Yo... Ko... Re... I... To!
Awww! I wish there were more kinds of sizes written in here!
Your present is mee!
Come on, this one's fine!
...Anything?
ki-ki....
Then it's settled! Hey, while we're at it, how about we sleep over at my house?
No...
So they call you Mimi-chan?
I see.
Oh! Yes...
Don't cut yourself, okay?
Okay!
I guess it's a little small...
Really?
Look.
Aren't you going to wish me good night?
Do you think Rin-chan and Reiji-san are a couple?
What?!
Those girls!
Sensei!
But as a guide it's a little unreliable.
Huh, why's that?
Hmm...
"A spell to make you smart."
Let's see...Sensei's is...
Huh?
Your present is meeee!
If it's a little bit too big, then my body will catch up with it.
I'm sorry. We were being annoying.
What about the present?
Argh. It's a double.
Come on, this one's fine!
Mm-hmm...
Kuro-chan?
That's Reiji-san?
So they call you Mimi-chan?
Huh?
Don't cut yourself, okay?
Okay!
All grown up!
Here.
Really?
Look.
Okay then. Lights out!
Isn't that illegal?
Tell us already!
Sensei!
Kanchigai no doujou
Yada yada iranai.
Bye now!
Yep, looks like.
First up, in order to put your names and faces together, I'm going to take roll.
All right, you start from here.
Just writing "hope" would be soo boring!
"Die."
Anyways, we need to discuss this with your parents-
Mimi-chan wasn't the only one victimized by Nakamura.
Kuro-chan!
I have to save him.
There are kind people too.
But you've already seen me naked!
to take him all in . . . with everything I have. i0
Ookay . . .
There you go again, saying things you don't understand-
We're done for today. You may go home.
Izuka!
Sensei! Mimi-chan's angry!
Aww, and it's all Sensei's fault!
Hold me.
Th . . . that's never gonna happen.
You love who?
Nope, it was Sensei.
I'm going to give it to Aoki-sensei.
Huh, must be spam.
What are you doing in that get-up?
It . . . it hurts!
Sweet stuff makes you less tired.
Do you want some too?
Where did you get all that money?
Still though, that only cost 3,000 yen.
Wow! Mimi-chan is so extra squeezy!
Kokonoe!
Sensei, you pervert!
Here, pass these behind you.
Yep!
Fine with me.
Come on, get in line Kokonoe-
What's with you, Rin-chan?
Uh-huh. If not, he wouldn't have gone out of his way to come here.
That's his foot size?!
We had those soft-serves, played that card game. . .
Is there some more?
Say, are Rin-chan and Reiji-san a couple or something?
Besides, Reiji already has someone he's in love with.
That someone, how is she? Is she pretty? An adult?
Kokonoe?
Sure.
Watch this!
You're right about that, but like this?
That's stupid. You'll catch a cold-
Sensei!
You all right?
Get angry . . . it's fine.
Kokonoe.
She was crying?
What are you guys up to?
Oh, it's all right. If we have eat something, we could do a family restaurant.
Family restaurant? Quit talking nonsense, hurry up!
H-hey, Kokonoe!
Sensei. You . . . you know what?
You're hot! Sizzling!
Can you help me?
In that case, as an apology . . .
I just made a bath . . .
He came . . . for me.
What's wrong?
How do I get someone to love me?
Kuro-chan, did you tell her something weird?
You bastard, I can't do stuff right because you keep staring at me with those horndog eyes of yours!
Kokonoe!
Protect Rin for me.
Hey now, Kokonoe-!
I do things like this, and you hate me and want to get away from me. I understand.
Rin!
Aoki-sensei?
Let's go, Rin!
I must . . . protect . . . Rin.
Reiji . . .
And Aoki, huh?
That was just a coincidence-
Reiji is . . .
You see here, when people get the mumps-
Huh, I wonder if you'd stop making egg cells too . . .
Anyways, Rin-chan will come back quicker, that's why . . .
That . . . that felt a little good.
I . . . just wanted to go back to school.
Aaagh, I'm not sure how to put this . . .
Yeah, all the stuff I didn't know.
Uh-huh.
Dokkin hanamaru egao ga
Atashirashiku koudou BABY
Kitto kotoba ja tsutawarenai
Komakai koto ari demo sensei ga ii
Aoki-sensei?
Aida!
How can I become happy?
We'll discuss this in the staff lounge.
Only Kokonoe?
Kagami, we're not done talking!
Do you want to change?
For me... huh?
When I first started out, I had a man in his mid-thirties show me the ropes.
You said I'll turn normal when I grow up.
I might have been wrong... back then.
And I had dinner all ready.
I guess... I can become happy too.
W...Well...
Would you care to join me?
I just took a bath...
Aoki-sensei, you're starting to grow.
You reap what you sow!
None of your business!
What are you talking about?
Hey, kids! Take your seats!
Oh.
Sensei!
No, don't.
You're fine the way you are.
nazeka munashikute
kotoba ga mitsukaranai
mune no oku de nozonderu
ushinatte te ni irete
I'm gonna win for you, Sensei!
Aida!
Izuka
Like I care! She deserved what she got, that moron!
Hmm?
Is this your self-introduction?
Run.
So you want to spend time with me that bad?
Huh?
Do the problems from page 86 to 89 in your textbooks.
She just upped and snapped!
I don't get praise except for studying.
Then we'll talk after that.
Letting the students act independently was a good deal.
I mean... I been thinking along that line a lot.
I love Rin-chan...
...but when I'm with her, I feel miserable.
I'm 100 times happier than when I get 100!
N-No!
What's happening?
She's crying because she wants my breasts.
Mimi-chan?
Rin-chan's face is so hot.
That she was hiding a side of her seen by no one that is weak and helpless.
Oyajima-sensei.
This is some really good fresh tea I got.
Shiro-chan!
Oh, it's getting late. You better head home.
Hey, don't wander into the road!
Really...
When exactly... do you become grown up?
I don't like it.
I guess, I can also make someone else happy.
Long live virgins.
Rin-chan!
I was so worried!
Mimi-chan, you forgot something.
Look, it's alright...
I'm telling you you don't have to. Really.
No... that is...
sono hitomi sorasanaide
ushinatte te ni irete
I'm... I'm sorry.
Oh well, if I must...
Please be gentle.
I was thinking of changing the end of our slogan we used for third grade.
You're always thinking about Aoki-sensei, aren't ya Kuro-chan?
All right, you can stop there.
But the kids, they would always tug and flip my skirt.
How annoying.
I knew you had a pretty face!
You're so beautiful. It's a shame your hair and clothes make you look like a spinster.
Shiro-chan, you wanna play?
Shiro-chan?
You're her teacher, are you not?!
I just loathe that guy!
It's a sign of our friendship!
Come on now...
Again for Aoki?
Kuro...
Aoki-sensei is working so hard for this.
That's right.
I've really liked this kid ever since the first grade.
Don't worry.
Huh?
And you yourself said she was indecent.
The reason why the principal tip-toes around Shirai-sensei is...
Fight!
Stop right now, you two!
Stoppit!
Must perform mouth-to-mouth!
ED-English - new style
Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba, ba, ba-da
Really? Then I just can't wait!
I'm sorry Aoki-sensei!
Forgive me, for being such a bad girl!
I'll call the next group!
Take notice that I'm here!
I will show you all my heart
But...
Shirai-sensei...
That's what's so screwed up about it!
You're so beautiful. It's a shame your hair and clothes make you look like a spinster.
Nope, don't like him at all!
You know Fujimori-san's daughter, Chika-chan?
You'd better not get too close to her.
I getcha!
I hear that!
But I already ate the cream-filled pastries!
Kuro...
Kagami?
Just forget it.
You should really follow her example.
Quit mocking me!
Help me... now I should be like her?
Now even the principal will have to listen to my opinions!
makes me confident that we will have another splendid sports festival this year.
She's an old bag, but she has a flower stuck to her hair!
Kuro-chan!
Stoppit!
Say you're sorry! Apologize to Shiro-chan!
Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba, ba, ba-da!
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday!
I'm flying right through the sky.
I don't just love you - I really, really love you!
Uso kusai.
You there! No pictures!
They hurt others without any remorse. And they do cruel stuff with no regret.
Kagami, let me see that.
Here.
What are you doing, Sensei?
What's up? Haven't gone home yet, huh?
Virgin.
Aren't you psyched, Mimi-chan?
Rin-chan!
No Sensei! Don't die!
"It will be all right with Aoki-sensei."
My dream is to become Sensei's bride!
You're just as bad as Kuro-chan!
Keep this up come next test.
Sensei.
What's wrong? It's almost 7:00.
Th . . . that's never gonna happen.
Even if I say mean things to you?
Even if I don't get good grades on tests?
Of course.
Someone told me they loved me in school today.
Yes! Lovely!
Thank you!
He's down for the count!
Are you a woman from now on?
Where did you buy this?
It's ecological. Eco.
Wow! Mimi-chan is so extra squeezy!
But . . . Rin-chan's . . .
Ahh! Sorry!
Well, I wanna get big just like Mimi-chan.
Well ex-cuuuse me!
Reiji, the eggs were all sold out-
I don't wanna!
I thank you for your time.
Really?
You guys, what are you doing?
Hey . . . now hold on!
Aw man! How did it end up like this?
Pretty please? I'll do anything you want, just name it!
Mm-hmm. Be gentle, 'kay?
H . . . hold on a sec!
Rin-chan's place?!
Rin-chan, here's your good-night kiss.
Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah! We should do it, we should totally do it!
Is that . . . Aoki-sensei?
I'm home. Huh?
Welcome back! You're home early.
It's because all the boys call me an Amazon.
Here you go.
I'm so in love with Sensei!
Besides, Reiji already has someone he's in love with.
When summer vacation starts, I so won't be able to see you.
You can see me whenever you want.
You swear?
Wait! Your skirt!
I'm already wearing bloomers!
Hoho, very good!
Here we are in our school swimsuits and only Sensei can wear a bikini. No fair!
Look, it's getting dark, it's time for you to go home.
Sensei . . .
Yes, good morning.
Hey. Can you hold me in your lap?
When does it happen? Why does it happen? How does it happen?!
You all right?
Why would you do something like this?
Never stop paying attention to me . . . ever!
Why that spot?
Her eyelids are red.
What's wrong? Can you talk?
I knew it, it's still too much for her.
What are you guys up to?
From now on, I'm going to be much harder on you guys.
Kokonoe, untie it now!
I'm coming!
Now then, eat up, eat up!
We also have Ghengis Khan Kandy.
Sensei.
Pain, pain, fly away.
Aoki-sensei . . .
Sensei! Here's the library card.
Incorrect!
Yes?
Ooh! Looking good, looking good!
I don't have my glasses on, so I can't see well. Does it look weird?
Sensei! Come on in!
Tell me.
It's simple.
Aki-san.
That's our Rin-chan!
Ka-Kagami . . .
Look, look! Gazongas! Go ahead, feel em!
If you put it that way. . .
For the third grade, the winner is Class Two, C Team.
Being semi-finalists is nothing to sneeze at.
Hmm?
If you give me a kiss, I'll give you a hand.
I do things like this, and you hate me and want to get away from me. I understand.
I got you something.
They say if you get mumps as an adult, you'd stop making sperm.
. . . what are you going to do with that?
I . . . wounded Reiji.
Usa, Kagami, the whole class . . . I just couldn't truly understand you all, I'm sure of it.
You have taught me a lot.
Yeah, all the stuff I didn't know.
Kokonoe?
BU! BU! BU!
Gecchu!
Kennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
Tabetai nara osusume tennen dayo
Let's go!
Everybody! It's a pleasure... to... meet...
Goodbye!
I-I guess I'll let it slide this time... I don't want to start off on the wrong foot.
Eh, wait, we're taking roll right now...
If you need anything, feel free to ask.
Nyah.
The bleeding didn't stop.
She even made it bleed more.
No way! Aoki-sensei is really still a...
They really are annoying, impudent, and adult-like.
I just did exactly the same thing that Nakamura-sensei did.
The same thing...?
"It's a video." "More reason not to record it!".
I will never let anyone hurt Mimi-chan ever again.
Do you... believe me?
Really?
Well, it's about time to go.
Nyah, it's time to eat.
Nyah?
I wonder who put it there?
R-Rin-chan, u-up there!
Rin-chan's in trouble!
I need to save him...
Come on, Nyah. It's ok.
Aoki-sensei! No Sensei, don't die!
I'll go get my things.
Hey, you three...!
That's for me . . .
Izuka Shinji!
Actually, it was one of the events that led the former teacher, Nakamura-sensei, to eventually quit.
However you put it, it's a delicate situation we have here.
Heh...
They say we should care for animals, but then they go off and kill them.
Kagami, let me see that.
All right, you start from here.
Here!
Why not?
I went to the principal about this, but he told me to keep quiet about it.
But I don't want to keep this hidden.
The same... things?
Yep, the very same things he said to Mimi-chan.
"Speak up!"
So that's how it's gonna be, huh?
Rin-chan.
Hmm?
Nice to meet you.
Pretty neat!
So what about it? Will you be coming back to school?
Kokonoe and Kagami told me everything.
It must have been hard on you.
It's this.
Man, they lost the ballgame yesterday.
Aren't you psyched, Mimi-chan?
Nyaa?
A sweet roll?
Up... up there!
"It will be all right with Aoki-sensei."
Sensei!
Eh?
H... Huh?
It'll totally, surprisingly, and completely attract you, doncha think?
Oh!
He may be cool!
Ah!
o-tehon misero
fnComic Sans MSfs34You say: "I'll do anything for you", but...
uso kusai
mon yo
Yeah, yeah, really suddenly, too!
If you think about it a little bit, it seems so obvious!
Shit! It's not like you guys have anything to hide anyway...
Usa Mimi
Next...
Aoki-sensei, how old are you?
Wai-
You guys!
Haaaaa...
Houin-sensei!
Well...
Oh...
Oh...
Hmmm, it may have been really harsh on him.
Nyaa?
Oh...
I- I'm truly sorry!
Could I have a moment?
I consulted the principal...
But he told me to keep quiet about it...
...since it will just cause problems for the students.
Oh!
Sensei, what do you think would happen?
You don't know where that finger has been either.
Well...
Eh-
...is always so fun.
They should have lost in the match yesterday.
Nyaa, it's lunch time!
Ri- Rin-chan!
Vi- Virgin?
You can't go!!!
KOKONOEEE!!!
Aoki-sensei?
He's just asleep.
Eh?
EH-
Sorry to keep you waiting!
tubetainara osusume tennen da yo
iu koto kiku yo maybe
fnComic Sans MSfs34Just love by itself is not enough. With my adult mind
komakai koto aridemo sensei gaii
fnComic Sans MSfs34I wonder if you saw C flying after being beaten?
fnComic Sans MSfs34When you lift and baby me, your thickhead can't comprehend what's going on
mon yo
Heeeeeee?
Everyone has something they want to be, right?
Oh...
AH!?
Hm?
He's certainly weak like that, but if you do it too much, he's the type that would attack back.
You want to tease the person you love...
Oh...
K- Kuro-chan, hang in there!
Argh!
She's loving him even more!
Ohhh...
Ahhh, it's the worst.
During the day you get pushed around by kids, by right you try your best to plan the next lesson.
Waking up everyday at 6 and arriving home when it's already dark, you can't do anything but sleep!
She's a little cute...
Ah-
"My dream: Nothing in particular."
Haaa...
Hm?
Ahhh, it's ok.
Oh?
Let him experience all the hardships first hand or he won't learn.
Everyone, recheck the parts that you don't know about.
Eh!?
Let's go, Mimi-chan!
It would have been good, if Rin-chan were a boy...
If Rin-chan were a boy, we would have to go to different restrooms and she wouldn't play with us.
So the answer here would be 28.
I can see your panties...
It hurts!!!
Please explain it better.
I have more at home!
I knew it!
Please open your textbook at page 68.
Aoki-sensei?
I've heard about the test results. You did a good job!
Argh-
Turn right around this corner.
Because, you...
Even if I get bad grades on tests?
Sensei, even if I ate your thing?
We should go home soon.
Oh!?
Eh!?
gecchu! riaru ni otome no panchi! kiita kana?
fnComic Sans MSfs34Gotcha! Here's a real girl's punch! Did that hurt?
fnComic Sans MSfs34Want to find out? I'm the one deciding though!
mon yo
I see. You have to follow through as much as possible, that way it won't become a big problem.
Oh?
Since women have it earlier.
I guess it's spam...
Argh-
Hm?
DOOOON'T!!!
GA-
Are you a girl for today?
The problem is-
Doesn't matter...
Here, cheer up.
Here, take it.
Oh?
What's wrong, Kagami?
Sensei, would you like some?
I look like an idiot, trying to seduce him with my breasts!
Argh-
Rin...
Rin.
Reiji!
Oh!
Oh?
I don't want a bra!
I knew it.
Amazing! You're really smart, Kuro-chan!
Mhmhm!
But that was only 3000 yen...
It's eco.
Could I borrow a ruler?
To measure someone's bust properly, you have to know the exact size...
Mimi-chan, hold still!
Ah...
What's wrong?
Oh!
With this opening!
Kokonoe!
Noooooooooooo!!!
He peeped again!
iu koto kiku yo maybe
fnComic Sans MSfs34Just love by itself is not enough. With my adult mind
fnComic Sans MSfs34The world is going round as the scenery changes, but for now...
gecchu! riaru ni otome no panchi! kiita kana?
komakai koto aridemo sensei ga ii
Rin-chan's wet fingers from being in the water for too long!
fnComic Sans MSfs34When you lift and baby me, your thickhead can't comprehend what's going on
When they were in first grade...
Oh!
Hey, Reiji!
Look! Wrote thrice as much as the others!
Yeah...
Let's make love, sensei!
Argh!
It doesn't hurt anymore, right?
Eh!?
Where did Rin-chan go?
Mimi-chan?
Synchro!
Did you have pity on me?
That's not true!
Wai-
Oh...
May I have a moment?
Rin-chan isn't sad, because her parents aren't there...
Ah, Kuro-chan!
What's wrong?
Wasn't Kuro-chan the one that went before me?
Oh...
Ah...
Thank you very much.
I heard that Rin-chan lost her mother and lives here now.
I'm Rin's mother's cousin.
It's just like Rin said.
Why did you come to my house?
tubetainara osusume tennen da yo
yabai and gouin go! in
Baby, want you haaa
More... More...
fnComic Sans MSfs34More... More...
Sou iu
Let all of our students be children and have fun on summer break.
Eh?
You're still deciding?
Even with scores, you should consider their attempts to improve.
I don't wanna!
Don't worry.
I'll be able to see you any day you want.
Please work harder!
Help your parents at home as much as you can!
Now I won't have to see this virgin's face for a while.
See ya, seeenseeei!
Now I feel sad when summer vacation starts.
O-o-kaaay
The water quality...
That swimsuit...
Where!? Where!?
Yeah...
Argh!
Look!
NHHH!
Oh...
That's true...
You can't go-
Dummy...
Preeeetty
Oh?
Hey!
iu koto kiku yo maybe
fnComic Sans MSfs34Did my explosive fists surprise you?
Pain...
mon yo
Who do you think brings the food on the table!?
...really okay?
Heeeee?
No-
Adoption?
You've been very tired lately, right?
Oh!
How do I look, Aki-san?
No good!
So, the only time you treat me like an adult, is at night, right?
Geez!
Have a safe trip.
...even with surgery, it would be very difficult to remove all of it...
We will have to use radiation and drugs...
Besides...
It used to be pretty isolated, but it seems like people discovered it.
It's the "n" of "Rin".
...disappeared!
Aki-san?
Rin...
I'll always be by your side.
AH!
Preeetty!
Haaa!
When I look at the sunset...
I won't forgive anyone who hurts Rin!
zutto zutto konna hibi ga
I burn! A hot day with Rin-chan!
o-tehon misero
amayakaso tsukeagaru to ka atama katai ne wakattenai
taisetsui sareru to omou to onna no ko wa suneo ni naru no
Seeenseeei
Hey, sensei
Hm...
Funny?
Hmhm!
Make them tired to death!
Okay then, let's go!
Dum-
Tsk, what a bother...
Oh!
We're going to split up into 3 groups and walk up.
Please stay in your group properly and watch out for cars and dangerous paths!
I feel so at ease!
Hey...
Where are Mimi-chan and sensei?
Carry me, tooooo!!!
Ahhh!
Yeeeeaaaahhhh!
Mr Manager, pleased to meet you.
Pleased to meet you.
Ah, sensei!
An electric toothbrush and a nail cleaner...
Ah!
A... Ah... Ahh....
It went so fast...
Nhhhh!
So, they're real...
Oh!
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Ahhh!
I ordered it for this day!
Sacrificing is prohibited!
Oh...
Oh!
What are you going to do about it!? Sleeping nicely is necessary for good skin!
Don't wake up... The boy is a good kid that's wh-
Don't do that then!
Stay still...
Mhm...
Well...
Eh?
Ahhhhh! At a school trip, why am I...AHHAHHAHH!!!
That?
OH!?
Eh?
Got hard?
YOU LITTLE...!!!!!!
oinichu? dake ya NoNo! otona nou!
fnComic Sans MSfs34I wonder if you saw C flying after being beaten?
Sweat is already going out!
fnComic Sans MSfs34When you lift and baby me, your thickhead can't comprehend what's going on
kawaiku omo waretaku naru no
Which one of these should I wear?
Even though you're new here...
Eh?
But then she got married and left.
Oh!
Ha?
He's going to pass you a disease!
I told you that girls are not supposed to touch their teacher!
R-i-n-chaaan!
Is Rin-chan not here?
Ha!?
Ah-
...applies to me...?
Kuro-chan...
Even making a false name plate...
Just add some random last name.
She brags too much and is so egotistical!
Ahhh!
Kokonoe...
Eh?
Mo...Mo...
What?
Sensei, I was showing Rin-chan some dresses.
Ah!
What was Nogi-sensei thinking when she told you that?
Hm!
If they get hugged or praised every day...
Good morning!
Oh...
Hurry up, hurry up! Lunch break is almost over!
There! Done!
OH!
Ah!
Ah, I- I'm fine!
NOOO!!!
Eh!
Hm?
You have a strand of hair on you.
You ignoring me...
Oh!
fnComic Sans MSfs34Your heartbeat is way too loud, so have a new start, baby!
gecchu! riaru ni otome no panchi! kiita kana?
anmari bikkuri bacchiri guu de hiita kana!
Uhm...
kanchigai no doujou yada yada iranai
fnComic Sans MSfs34with the thoughts of wanting to change...
Naru no
How cute...
Ahhh!
Kuro-chan, you are so perverted!
Continuing on a different topic,
Heeeeeeeeeeee!?
Rin-chan?
Sensei!
Ko-
Come on, hurry!
Ah, that's fine.
Alright, I'll see you later.
Then... pass it through here once and...
What's up?
Like I said! That kind of game is-
Kokonoe!
An amazingly tight knot.
Only if you give me a kiss!
I see...
Kokonoe!
Besides, I never chose you as her teacher.
Uh...
Today, I will be substituting for him.
I wonder what happened to sensei...
That's right, that's right.
She-
Ahahaaa, I'm so tired!
We may have gone overboard yesterday.
But she was the one...
Ah! Hey, Rin-chan!
Ah, it's fine!
Argh-
Oh?
Don't avoid the problem!
Ah! Hey!
Recyclable garbage!
Argh-
We brought you a lot!
Oh!
Arghl!
Ah! I forgot to get some avocado dip!
You really are a kid!
It's not your fault.
What!?
Kokonoe?
Ah, sorry, you even came to see me.
You're good at cooking.
I'm so glad!
Oh...
gennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
I want to clean each one of them and see you happy...
Rin-chan!
you . . .
B-bye now!
All the unfair stuff that adults keep doing?
Yeah, yeah! We didn't stand a chance!
Dammit, like you all had anything to hide!i0
Do you have a girlfriend?
I would never do that.
If you don't, your next stroke won't connect-
What the heck do you think you're writing?
Are you sure . . . a student in my class did this?
"Die."
Eh?
Mimi!
Kokonoe and Kagami told me everything.
Um, can I ask you one more question?
It's ok for me to look?
Uh-huh.
V-virgin?
Kokonoe . . .
They said he was only knocked out.
Getchu!
Kiss! I've been tied by the rules and in a fix! I cried my eyes out
kimi no tame da nandoyu kedo
honne nara kiku kedo ato wa doushiyou?
Kuro-chan, is that a new outfit?
Oh!
Sensei
That's not the type of "love"!
Wrong!
Rin-chan...
Haaahaaa!
Sensei was really shocked!
And Kuro-chan will wear Mimi-chan's!
Hello there.
Th-
Geez...
Reiji...
I really want to spend more time with Rin...
It's fine.
Can I clean this up?
I'm already full.
Rin?
Ah, I'm sorry!
Who's hurt?
Let me see your leg.
Oh?
Argh!
Or I'll call Reiji and tell him that sensei took off my panties!
If it's for me, he'll come flying.
Th-
...really is a woman, right?
Liar
And that's why-
You know the reason, right?
Eh?
Come on!
He's like Nakamura-sensei...
Hm...
Don't worry about it, don't worry about it.
Experience...
Ah!
Oh!
I wanted to do something more challenging...
Then, Hemin!
Yeah!
I'll work hard, too!
iu koto kiku yo maybe
fnComic Sans MSfs34Gotcha! Here's a real girl's punch! Did that hurt?
anmari bikkuri bacchiri guu de hiita kana!
gennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
Hello, Mom?
If I...
fnComic Sans MSfs34I'll show you why
fnComic Sans MSfs34You say: "I'll do anything for you", but...
fnComic Sans MSfs34Something more important than being touched for a girl is, to become honest...
STOP!!!
Are you going to...
You'll feel more pain if you hate them.
Aki-san...
Ah?
Oh...
Next up is 1-D versus 2-C.
Haaa!?
Aoki-sensei is different from Nakamura-sensei...
HM!
Oh!
Kagami...
Who said that?
Sensei!
Alright! Let's aim for the championship!
Sensei...
Sh-
To-
Eh!?
Hm?
Good God...
I'm still here!
Excuse me!
Geez...
The last teacher will come around and pick us up.
Mhm...
Oh!
OH!
Ha...
I had to know...
...if you still really loved me...
That's why I had to know again...
Scold me...
Stay by my side...
Tell me where you are!
RIN!!!
AH!
Oh!
Kokonoe isn't your only student.
Sorry...
Hey listen!
Reiji!
Rolled cabbage or twice cooked pork...
kikoesugi da yo heart beat atarashiku koudou baby!
gecchu! riaru ni otome no panchi! kiita kana?
Ha!
It's from Rin-chan!
Ah...
Wait a moment!
Kuro-chan says things which seem to make sensei happy, so...
So...
No, no...
Not even with their answering machine...
...that is passionate about their child.
What do you want to ride?
Eh!?
I want to go to school!
You can go first-
Why!?
Oh!
The one who doesn't understand is Reiji!
Everything I do is to protect you!
Reiji...
Eh!?
You are...
"Virgin is a masochist and that he likes being treated bad", it's what I thaught her.
Ah, but in Rin-chan's case, she must be...
What are you doing!?
Thank you.
Kokonoe-san is...
Who else would decide for her?
It's a critical moment, Aoki-sensei.
Ah...
Oh!
Oh!
Reiji...
already a scar...
I want to return to school...
I only had myself.
...and grew up normally.
Really...
Not much about Usa...
...the less I want to give up.
I did...?
That I don't know anything.
Mhm
Then, again...
Sensei?
Hey...
You're right!
A virgin like him would never know how to use his flute, right?
How long are you going to cause problems for teachers!?
Ohhhhh!
It's her way of showing love.
ureshii hazukashii otome chikku shoshinsha desu
A romantic end.
We would get trapped...
You say you're doing it for me but...
Wanna try it?
I hope he's cool.
Please take good care of us!
Here!
Izuka Shinji.
Is that right?
Umm...
You there! No taking pictures!
It's a video
Is she in the hospital? Or-
After a while he called and resigned.
Because it likes to eat a lot, I usually feed it my leftovers from lunch.
Ehh...
I'll help you stop the bleeding.
Afternoon classes are starting.
Teacher, I'm done!
Just writing ''Hope'' is boring!
Even if I brought it up, it would only create chaos among the students.
But I didn't want to hide it.
The same thing...?
So, that's your attitude towards it.
Rin-chan.
''It's a video'' ''That's even worse!''
Not really.
Well, can you come back to school soon?
No.
Well, it's about time to go.
So, I wanted to meet you too, Aoki-sensei.
Which one is their real self?
Nyaa?
T-There!
I need to save him...
I feel sorry for him. He's been teased.
Thank you, sensei.
No, no!
Sorry to make you wait!
Today I want to start out as a friendly, kind, Onii-san like teacher.
Here!
Izuka Shinji.
Ah? So you don't have one.
More reason not to record it!
What?
The noise can be heard all the way on the next floor.
Umm... Hin-sensei.
Ehh...
I'll help you stop the bleeding.
Sensei, pai pai.
This is a textbook that Nakamura-sensei was using.
The same thing...?
"Speak up. Stop being so timid. You're slow. Stop being a crybaby. It's annoying to look at you."
"Why didn't you come to school?" "Everything is your fault."
Rin-chan.
Sensei, Mimi-chan wasn't the only one teased by Nakamura.
Rin-chan, you like Aoki-sensei a little, don't you?
Mimi!
"No, not with these words."
You've had a hard time.
I don't understand.
We are doing an experiment today! An experiment!
Air guns!
Rin-chan's in trouble!
Kokonoe, don't move!or Kokonoe, stay still!
There are nice people too...
Rin-chan, I'll go get a teacher!
Aoki-sensei told me that he believes me.
Mimi-chan.
It's a video.
Being a new homeroom teacher isn't easy.
He was under a lot of pressure.
Usa Mimi...
Because it likes to eat a lot, I usually feed it my leftovers from lunch.
Instead of just talking about it, why don't I do this to your things?
Sensei, bye-bye.
Sensei, pai pai.
Aoki-sensei.
But I didn't want to hide it.
I just did exactly the same thing that Nakamura-sensei did.
B-But...alphaHFF even so... you didn't need to hound him until he got sick.
You're late. I was getting tired of waiting for you.
Sensei, Mimi-chan wasn't the only one teased by Nakamura.
Everyone appreciates Rin-chan.
Wait for me!
Hm?
Mimi!
Yes.
Children sure are great.
Kokonoe!
He's so pitiful. He's been teased for so long...
There are nice people too...
Rin-chan!
Usa and Nyah aren't the only ones,
Hin-sensei said to get back to class quickly!
Ok!
Eh? Really?
I'm so excited.
I hope he looks cool.
Everybody! It's a pleasure... to... meet...
Everybody, please take good care of me.
What?
I-I'm truly very sorry.
Umm... Hin-sensei.
His teaching hit a wall too.
Eh?
I like cats.
It's bleeding.
Class is about to start.
She even made it bleed more.
Ah.
B-But... even so... you didn't need to hound him until he got sick.
You're late. I was getting tired of waiting for you.
Nice to meet you.
"No."
What is ?
I don't understand.
I'll show you my sniper skills.
R-Rin-chan, u-up there!
I need to save him...
Kokonoe.
Aoki-sensei.
Aoki-sensei told me that he believes me.
Eh?
Eh? Really?
Zurui koto shiteru no wa otona?
Sore wa watashi ga . . .
My dream is...
When you love someone, you tease him a little.
Tickle, tickle, tickle!
What the...?
Se-n-sei!
She's falling even more and more in love!
That includes teaching materials!
Make with the details!
With those type of chicks, you just shtup 'em once and they're all over you.
And right off the bat I get the ones who couldn't think of much to write.
How can I make my class more interesting?
Ah, Usa! That's my girl!
For his sake, let's just stay quiet and watch over him.
Or rather, let's see him suffer like we did.
You think this is funny?
Accept my most humble apologies.
There must be a problem with the way you teach, am I right?
Is that right?
It's just that, it would have been better if Rin-chan were a boy.
We're done for today. You may go home.
Uh... yeah, I should.
Cool, ain't it? I got some more at home.
Heh, and he had no clue.
First we have the school.
You did your best.
Yeah! And it's all thanks to your teaching!
That'll be great!
Ah! Wait...
I won't understand if you don't talk straight.
All right then...
Turn left here.
Eh?
Even if I touch your wee-wee?
But still, you are a good girl.
It's because you're the adorable student in our class.
Sensei?
Anata nara sokko WEDDING
Kitto kotoba ja tsutawarenai
Nukumori kisu shite yo
Bikkuri kaeshichae ima
Riaru ni otome no panchi kiita kana
Anmari bikkuri bacchiri guu de hiita kana
Uso kusai.
me . . .
Amayakasu to tsukeagaru toka.
When you love someone, you tease him a little.
I . . .
Throughout the day the kids have their way with you, and at night you prepare for the next day. That includes teaching materials!
Yeah . . . I guess they're sort of cute.
How can I make my class more interesting?
If he doesn't suffer a little, he'll never learn.
Is Aoki-Sensei's arrival causing you to backslide?
Who you are now is what's the problem here.
Is that right?
If you don't understand this here you won't be able to solve the other problems.
Owww!
Sure. I'll think about it.
Eh, here we have 64 marbles right here. . .
Sensei.
Oh, thank you.
Heh, and he had no clue.
Let's review from the previous session:
It's because they did their best.
Yeah . . . you're right.
Hold me.
Turn left here.
I thought you hated me.
Eh?
I better get going.
Kennari gattsuri puttsuri C de tonda kana
Kikoe sugi dayo HEART BEAT
Bikkuri kaeshichae ima
I can smell the lie from here.
And you'll come to think that I'm totally adorable.
Kiss you with love? That's a big NO NO! Adult thinking.
In for a surprise, right now.
fscx87It will totally, surprisingly, and completely attract you, doncha think?
A thought-over impulse is also great
Nope, a beastly path, I suppose.
Huh, must be spam.
If you don't wear something you'll catch a coldfscx200-
Breasts don't matter to me! They don't!
Ah, yes!
Come on... take a sip.
Sensei!
There's still some left, right?
Sensei, if it turned into a wet noodle, then I'll take responsibility for it.
Sweet stuff gives you energy.
"Titillating?"
I'll frickin' crush him!
When you buy a bra, you need to measure first.
All right then, let's go shopping after school!
Something's not right.
They're so sooft!
It was just like you said, Oyajima-sensei.
"Being a 3rd4th-grade teacher is a beastly path."
Huh...
As the owners, it created a lot of problems for us and we were pretty worried.
Really...
Kokonoe!
Look who's the one that's talking.
"I'm only saying this for your own sake!"
That's true.
A thought-over impulse is also great
Anyways, what are you doing taking your own porno pic?
I'm going to give it to Aoki-sensei.
Huh?
Ah! Thank God I'm a first-grade teacher!
You can't see it!
Wanna partner up, Mimi-chan?
Oh no! You're completely soaked!
You're wrong, you're wrong!
Mm-hmm!
Sensei!
Hmm . . . you have a point there.
Se-n-sei!
Mimi-chan.
At the Hey You.
Huh?
Certainly!
St-stoppit!
Ah!
"Will you go out for a little drink?"
Hmm?
Bra?
That's mean! I have a little bit too!
You'll do that?
Sensei, you pervert!
The city pools are opening up again in no time.
Two.
Sue!
She realized this was the only place she had left.
...nothing guarantees the EX-1 will continue to listen to her.
We have...
Missile off mark.
And the lasers?
Roger!
They can't make a dent.
I am designating the target as type M-1.
Ready.
Dan! Guenevere!
Commander.
But...
W-What's that mean?
You can do it, Mr. Fairy!
Zero!
Mr. Fairy!
If we detonated it here, we'd get the residential area.
It's no concern.
You seem to know a lot about their facilities.
Thanks to Lt. Soma, we still have the EX-1, but...
Ta-da!
This is your reward!
blur2wasurenai de
blur2stop and think of me
blur2you're still inside of me
blur2i1Fly away
The lockdown is for 24 hours.
...when your heart was broken by one who didn't fancy you?
Forgive me.
Even Funeral's engineers don't understand how they work.
A little love diary between us.
The concentric circles are labeled by hazard...
What was that like?
It was a living.
scrap is inferior to the original, but a tapestry can be more.
I leave the lieutenants to you...
Men are lucky.
I've always backed you up.
Is it hot where you are?
I've tried to help.
This is fine for now.
Sir, no thank you, sir!
How could you...
I don't want to be a millionaire's son who sits and counts bodies.
So you promise me.
What a coincidence.
Defense level yellow.
Lt. Soma and Lt. Simmons are to be released at once...
blur2hashiri tsuzukete tooi hi
blur2kakae kirenai omoi wo
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
The human mind is like a black box, compared to the universe.
...we would obviously have to remove the cause.
...that she'll react to war and fighting?
The reply to your sister's mail.
The base is now restricted.
Captain!
She left her ID card behind.
In any event,
We'll just sit around and drink tea?
What about her?
You kill Maki just like that...
I'm sure Harriet's still on the base.
It'll be hard to get her in the air ducts.
Ma'am.
Harriet!
I did as you asked and talked to the manager.
Poor Mr. Fairy will be all alone.
blur2Even clouds crossing the sky
blur2Even when you're not around,
and awakened a lot of trouble.
Type G-4.
Mr. Fairy...
Sue, will those marks on Mr. Fairy's hands ever go away?
You're not sure?
The alien's surface armor uses electric pulses...
We'd have to get close or it's a bust.
I can.
But now that it's built up its armor...
...it has EMP capabilities.
Switching spray gun to manual.
Sampling complete.
All matter has molecular characteristics,
It triggers a defense mechanism that increases molecular density.
Understood.
A tool?
Mr. Fairy says it's all right.
You don't like Lt. Soma's plan?
SARG 5, come in.
but if we focus on structure, we can find some answers.
Interesting...
Why didn't it stop him?
It's like a sliding puzzle...
Mr. Fairy!
He can't use it!
He puts his strength in his left arm, which was built from alien parts...
...will work as long as the G-4 alters its molecular structure!
What?
Analysis!
That's not it either.
It's like you're not your usual self.
blur2Can't stop believing our day will come
blur2sora wo nagareru kumo ni mo
That is the plan the commander and I formulated.
Now that you mention it...
An unlikely pair like Abbot and Costello.
Want to read the rest of the picture book?
Where's Lt. Soma?
I wouldn't have thought it...
Yes?
Along with a very threatening letter.
But we have absolutely no idea who sent this note.
So that's that.
Am I free to conclude that?
Its just speculation.
Could it be a spy for someone with a grudge?
...some nuts with strange ideas about aliens.
I'm checking.
Until we know why he's escaped, there's no reason to endanger her.
Guenevere, fall back.
He's such a troublesome pet!
Lieutenant!
No, you shouldn't risk it.
You really are ugly.
Come on, do it!
Come get me!
...do you...
I'm finished playing.
I...
If you can't even take on a little guy like me...
I'm going to tell you something.
blur2will never make me lose my dreams
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
Very nice.
The captain and I just don't want to lose anymore.
H-Hey...
It's still alive!
Impossible!
Roger. Mistel T-1, move out!
How does it look, Captain?
Pursue and intercept. Prepare for the worst.
Here we go!
SARGs 1, 3, and 5, stand by!
If you were...
How's the sound analysis?
Dan and Guenevere!
Lt. Soma?
It's always the same.
I'm tired of losing to these things!
He's turning off the limiter?
Lieutenant!
At this rate...
All SARGs, return immediately.
Mr. Fairy, I'm with you!
...4, 3, 2, 1.
I guess it doesn't matter.
...still alive?
We will hate each other, obeying the unspoken rules...
blur2hashiri tsuzukete tooi hi
blur2itsumo mune ni
Proceed to Cleveland Air Force Base immediately after refueling.
I have no idea how that bomb got replaced, or who did it.
Evacuate HQ as planned.
That's easier said.
No change in target's speed.
And destroy all media.
We thought we had an ace in the hole...
No, I know you feel the same way, Commander.
Huh?
Get the EX-1.
No!
The EX-1 will finish it! Back him up!
Ryu, what's wrong?
You actually are good!
Here I come!
I'm switching off the limiter!
The motors are interfering with the gravity.
Saved me?
No, don't worry...
And truths are stones on the road...
Next time, Hope and Chaos.
blur2mabataku hoshi wo miagete
blur2Even clouds crossing the sky
blur2i1Fly away
The report suggests
We should have anticipated that.
But what I don't get is why that didn't destroy the alien.
We're not here to argue if the warhead was real or not.
We're running out of time.
Then let me just quickly give an overview.
These damned things never end.
If you would please refer to page 2896 of the reports...
For example, using standard movement vector and filtering,
Clearly, all vectors converge on the same point.
The term "Pilgrimage Point" is one we decided to use temporarily,
What we have to figure out
You'll theorize that the alien intended to destroy Funeral,
For one thing, we don't have enough data to draw conclusions...
on Earth from outside a solar system, regardless of technology.
all we can get is a rough idea of the planets themselves.
Obviously, the behavior of the aliens in the past
I'm sorry.
I was just thinking about that fight with the alien the other day.
Who will take the responsibility when they do the unthinkable?
You know how to touch nerves, don't you?
We first theorized that there could be something special
between the point and the aliens examining all available data.
and the probability is less than 10 to the minus 32 power...
...or for all intents and purposes, zero.
We tracked down the family record and found a descendant...
So it's like we said.
There's no other reason for the aliens to be coming here.
Are you saying it no longer matters if this is an alien invasion or not?
What matters most is what serves our ultimate objectives in the end.
like it were some kind of natural disaster.
Don't feed us romance novels.
you handle it with extra care.
Pretending you don't know again?
You know what I'm talking about.
And also...
The death will come belated.
blur2mabataku hoshi wo miagete
blur2kagayaita ano hoshi wo
blur2itsumo mune ni
Then I thought I could maybe find parts to fix it...
Resting is also our job.
Well, I don't have a magic wand...
But I have hands and feet I can use freely.
It seems we might somehow be able to fix the first runway tonight.
Maki...
Maki!
I've found someone else to take care of.
As you wished, the EX-1 is asleep.
...so I thought you'd be celebrating.
But he won't wake.
They'll take good care of him.
What's my final destination?
Yes, it sounded like you're old friends.
He sure seems to affect you, doesn't he?
Quit kidding around!
Roger.
Back up?
Damn.
Th-This is...
There is a reason for a bad dream to continue.
blur2mabataku hoshi wo miagete
blur2No matter how far away,
Awaiting your report.
The same design, size, mobility, power...
No, except it was maybe a little better than mine.
I see.
Hold on.
Make him a more efficient weapon than before.
But we can't...
Very well.
They're like hyenas playing among corpses.
You know?
Just like your parents and grandfather.
You like talking about this?
Is that weird?
Program?
A way to get what we want.
Explain this procedure.
So we're trying to copy over the missing patterns...
It's just recorded data.
We're on duty.
Engine power good.
It's stable at high speed.
Head for Riverfield Base.
A bug?
It was all part of the input.
Evacuate!
Wait!
No!
Stupid...
Please...
Not in front of me again like this...
Only this time, no professor or Maki.
Welcome back!
Perhaps...
What?
The past has left the stage.
blur2hashiri tsuzukete tooi hi
blur2wasurenai de
blur2stop and think of me
blur2Even when you're not around,
blur2i1Fly away
I feel the same way.
Could it be Frank's voice?
What frequency?
It'd be hard on the buyers, too.
Sometimes we find out things we were better off not knowing.
Ha ha ha.
Pretty angel...
I heard a lot about you.
Just like Takuto said.
No, I'm really not...
No, I just transferred over.
You've got a pretty girlfriend.
Cut the chatter!
Sorry, but our commander's a woman.
What's she like? Big, scary old lady?
She can be scary, I suppose, right?
Ryu!
Sue just gave me a whole bunch of snacks.
Ryu, who is this man?
Not quite like Alaska's, though.
Lovell, Young, Borman.
To find out if aliens forgot something in the rings of Saturn.
Sound childish?
And that's why...
I think that's why...
We haven't added the propellant!
He just suddenly demanded clearance for takeoff.
You're off course, Lt. Steiner!
Mankind's first deep space probe.
I liked her, too, you know.
That was the first time I saw the Ulysses as it was being worked on.
The surveillance system has been shut down.
You understand?
As it dreams of the forest from which it came...
blur2kakae kirenai omoi wo
blur2stop and think of me
blur2itsumo mune ni
You're hereby relieved of duty.
From beyond the sky?
Where did you come from?
Very...
You're not, are you?
Beautiful...
You should have asked it.
Hardware nominal.
...estimated time of arrival is 50 minutes.
SARG 3's alien motor was somehow affected by that alien?
Yes, ma'am.
Frank should go, too.
If Frank were to enter the dark zone, he will be subjected to attacks.
Prepare for evacuation sequence once missiles deploy.
Y-Yes...
Until today.
What are you doing? Get out of the way!
But...
I prepared myself for my ultimate destiny.
Can't you just stop being so convinced...
Stop!
Like a bird...
blur2Can't stop believing our day will come
blur2Even when you're not around,
blur2No matter how far away,
You don't want it?
Maki!
Maki didn't want to go out with you.
Or even see you.
Please smile.
I hope there won't be an earthquake.
Is that funny?
That guardian angel of mine must have a magic wand or something.
What about...
That's the civilian's report.
So?
Stop complaining.
What would you do?
He's our enemy.
Jeez...
Am I, too?
This is...
What?
Well?
I hate you.
Why is that?
I'm not Maki!
Beautiful.
You were saying that before.
Ring?
Beautiful...
Do you read me?
How...
On my way.
This isn't the time!
That was a close one...
By the way, you know why engagement rings
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
First alien entering atmosphere.
Inside the red zone, just next to the dark zone.
I guess you're right.
Well, about Frank...
He's the only real link we have between us and the aliens.
What?
You're brave.
So is this organization.
The anti-alien force Funeral...
Built with stronger alien motors
And that price tag...
As simple as you can.
Are these your new roses, General?
Gather as much data as possible.
...is like a lynching.
You're on the aliens' side?
I'll do it.
Can you hear me, Frank?
The target has slowed down!
They're right above us.
It's too late.
It's okay.
Frank!
Lt. Soma!
The target...
Nothing's...
Environmental data, all normal.
I'm so sorry!
And I came back.
blur2hashiri tsuzukete tooi hi
blur2you'll always be in my dreams
blur2i1Fly away
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
That song, what is it?
You can't look at the night sky?
I start thinking...
After this mission...
Kroka...
An impossible dream...
A dream...
If they use Neptune's gravity, they can do a fly-by.
We have no new discoveries or even surprises...
"Great acts of heroism are often soon forgotten."
"But the glory of the deed itself...that will never die."
He says it often.
The familiar shape of the Earth was there.
And if it is true...
No way...
You're saying the alien isn't an alien?
Tell me, Guenevere.
Frank!
Or Yuri?
Right?
And in the sea of my consciousness,
Who's Maki?
Ma'am!
You thought I was under house arrest, right?
When it's inconvenient, they lock you away for a while.
What is that?
Next time, Truth and Destruction.
blur2wasurenai de
blur2No matter how far away,
blur2i1Fly away
No matter how clean our laser signals are...
They're confiscating him now after all this?
An evil intention without reason.
Sometimes, when you reach a certain age,
"Good friend, for Jesus' sake forbear to dig the dust enclosed here."
What is the purpose to whatever we do?
His assistant and the only survivor from the first Morgue.
What's that?
Please forgive me.
Can you hear me, control?
Later.
Hurry.
Commander?
You call yourselves soldiers?
I finally found it.
But if there's one thing you could study more,
Excuse me.
you can die needlessly from an inept superior's orders.
What's the projection?
The Earth will...
It all started with that incident at Morgue.
Give me a break.
Our enemies weren't just the aliens.
I guess you know him better than we do.
I always...
Right.
H-Hold on, you...
Yes, it was all for revenge.
He forgot his own name...
Or take out your own sword and fight to end your suffering.
He's the only hope.
He's the only one who can save us from this catastrophe!
blur2you'll always be in my dreams
It's above our heads as we speak.
Don't expect smiles or pats on the back.
Back to our home.
So long, people!
They must have been good lessons.
Are you watching...
Up until now, I've been bent on revenge and killing that thing.
They're having engine trouble
I'll go.
Distance to Funeral Base, 130.
Eject!
Are they evening the score?
to miss the Earth by an estimated 480,000 kilometers.
This is it!
Then use the TODs.
Even if we throw it off course,
Agreed.
I want you to wait until then.
What is it?
Next time, Courage and Love.
blur2will never make me lose my dreams
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
What are you doing?
In fact, you two were the only leaders I ever really trusted.
You don't know, either, do you?
Here goes!
You can still fly, right?
You did it!
Ignition laser coil now engaging.
Using the Ulysses...
No, the Type H2 that's taken it over...
Sue!
Planning an escape, Brigadier General?
How did you...
Captain Simmons!
Guenevere! Sue!
I'm sorry, Captain.
We were pitting him against manifestations of himself.
The countdown to launch has started.
We're all going to be in trouble soon!
Captain, at least you should pull out.
Captain, what are you thinking?
The people above and us, just like Maki!
I never had any real power...
But I remember...
"Tell me about yourself."
No, fusion at the atomic level.
This is real alchemy.
Good-bye?
You shouldn't have to sacrifice yourself.
...please smile and wave your hands at him.
If I'm with her, I'll only say things that hurt her.
I am...
blur2Can't stop believing our day will come
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
blur2itsumo mune ni
blur2i1Fly away
After the meeting adjourned,
At this rate...
We heard.
Won?
lust for power, and loss of integrity.
We must communicate with our long-lost friend this time
There it is!
But thank you for coming.
We've had a lot of dropouts...
No, thank you.
He may or may not show.
That strange guy with the beard slapped down all the rent money.
Why I close myself off.
Chemical fuel for first stage rocket engines, OK.
Private Bartholomew.
Seven...
Three...
Then we should have a party!
check with McMurdo Base and see what they know.
Roger.
Antarctica.
SARG 4, report!
There! At six o'clock!
Understand, Harris?
Guenevere...
Hurry up and save me.
I won't trust anyone.
Quit hanging on to me, you bastard!
I see.
If I was still in the force...
Damn you, damn you, damn you!
Damn you to hell!
We'd have to...
Never, ever.
With no one to help me.
Give me an answer.
Stupid, I'm not Hattie.
Sue, are you all right?
This is a serious moment.
You're always like that.
But stop that humming!
Once it's confirmed,
You'll have to change your driver's license.
Oh, what's the point?
Sorry, I was in the lab helping the professor.
We're here to confiscate our morgue.
Look, it's your friends.
Please come with us to the base.
I'm sorry.
How many times do I have to tell the army!
It's only a hunk of metal.
He's a very unique hunk of metal.
All of the same substance and somehow combining neatly.
We're going to bring this to 100 perfection.
The system is just like the one at the lab.
And that cat and mouse game was to get me here.
Say something!
Almost time, Professor.
Faith, eh?
When this is over, you two should have a long talk.
Proceed with countdown!
Contact!
You don't have to.
So don't worry.
I told you about that ring before, right?
What?
Frank!
Maki!
It's not that chance encounters are fated,
Is something there?
Y-You crazy coot!
There must be lingering radiation.
"Giant Alien Robot EX-1" is too much for one breath.
Captain.
Well, 17...
Good.
Put it through.
The army has the instruments,
I'm going down to the hospital.
As you heard, this is our chance to show what we can do.
Come out wherever you are!
They were all my friends.
They can become fairies,
Heard the noise and dropped like a baby.
Don't!
Run! Hurry!
There'll be another accident.
The SARG tested fine at short distances.
You've got a 20 minute limit.
SARG 1, all clear.
You came back for me?
There's been a fire.
Don't we have a class together?
Me too.
blur2you're still inside of me
If his condition changes, I'll have to ask you to leave.
I don't know.
It was my first time...
but aren't you leading the witness?
It overloaded the system.
That's enough.
He's not going anywhere injured like that.
Jeez, cheap Japanese radio from the '70s.
She hasn't left that spot.
What do we do?
Talking like that poor girl is a bag of rations.
I've finished uploading those logs from the Morgue database.
No, his mind seemed to be scarred.
Don't like Shakespeare?
Forbidden fruit is the sweetest kind.
Mr. Fairy!
Emergency stations!
What's the EX-1's position?
It's making it easy.
What's he after so suddenly?
Monitoring positions.
This isn't the land of the fairies!
What?
State-of-the-art technological weaponry.
But...
The hospital's ahead!
Parallax on.
Calculate distance.
Maki!
Who are you?
Shame we had to do it.
Your wish is my command, master.
You don't believe I'm an angel, do you?
blur2will never make me lose my dreams
When am I even gonna get a chance with SARG 4?
Why are you running in the halls?
Lock up?
Or are you that sure you won't like the blend?
Too bad.
We're on the same side, remember?
It's a new picture book!
What's that mean?
in the data library.
Want to come?
You there.
What is the most probable outcome?
If you had shown up, I wouldn't have had to sneak in.
How can I tell what you're thinking?
You'll be all right, won't you?
For as they say,
blur2will never make me lose my dreams
Funeral will retain possession of the EX-1.
The outskirts of Montreal...
SARGs 1 and 3 ejected.
Formation Bravo!
I'm bringing you down!
It burned 17 villages and 5 cities before then.
Negative.
Did you forget the one shot kill rule?
And dump all records...
But...
Look at him go! He's so handsome.
Yes, sir.
SARG 5 is closing in!
Mr. Fairy, are you okay?
So don't be mad.
You're a liar, and you're bad!
Commander.
blur2Still racing as the stars twinkle
blur2ano hi mita yume wa zutto
blur2itsumo mune ni
Code 211.
Variable scanners lost.
Sorry for the pessimism.
...southeast of Lake Superior.
Isn't he?
We have no way of controlling the EX-1 other than Harriet.
If Dr. Noguchi and his two staff members were still alive...
Until further notice, no one is allowed on or off the base.
For what reason?
Out.
Woo!
An airplane?
Sit down!
Your safest place theory...
Well, we've recovered it.
No. Not yet.
But the secret...
D-Down there!
Just now...
If we don't hurry, that dog will die.
I know all about that.
blur2donna ni tooku te mo
blur2itsumo mune ni
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
How come you didn't wake me up, Mama!?
But your mother is not so open-minded...
It's true.
--Yay! I love you! --Waah! Look out!
that's why you're driving safely, huh!?
Sana-chan!
So, when school lets out, I'll come pick you up.
Today, there is a live broadcast of a show called "Child's Toy,"
Stop this! Everyone, put your desks back!
We're already 30 minutes late!
It's happening again.
What happened to the enthusiasm you had when you came in here?
What's that self-assured smile all about?
You're the one who needs to wait up!
What's going on here?
...and cut him apart! Cut him apart! Poke that big dummy like this!
That's right!
"Zenjiro's "Child's Toy""
So how about this new toim? Are you having a "happy new school yea-uh?"
Does anyone have any eye-poppingly good looking teach-uhs?
No one like that here.
Even though it's springtime.
That is a zoo! And the boys are just monkeys on Monkey Mountain! Monkeys!
Am I right? Yeah? Am I right?
And it's him! It's all his fault! Him! Him!
Rei-kun...!
 The teacher is crying, the boys are all wild monkeys 
Good morning, Sensei. I've come to pick up your manuscript.
Eh? What?
I'm all right, I tell you. If anything should happen,
Eh? What's this?
Don't get too full of yourself, Kurata!
You're a smart-aleck, just because you're a little bit cute!
Look, you...!
Run!
But Sana-chan...!
you'd see a bunch of incredibly barefaced fools!
Remember this. Folks like you are called "asses that boar the lion."
--Let her have it! --Pound her face in!
Then again, a bold change of image could let Sana bring new life to the show!
I'm fine. Let's go to class.
We sure will!
What? What are those?
Ah, it's starting again.
That's what you say about times like these.
And our usual classroom...
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
How do I beat him? How do I beat him?
Okay, let's have a fair fight!
I may he a little jumbled, bu! when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
And before long, someone is going to make you into oozecakes,
We've been inwardly hoping for you, Sana-chan.
Still, I wonder if they'll harass Sana-chan now.
She's full of herself.
"We'll do it after school."
Here's the idea.
Whose side are you on? You usually stick close to Hayama.
It's not like that...
Out of the way, you dummies! How could you do this!?
Mami-chan, are you all right?
Sana-chan...!
Wow, that's terrible!
I didn't do anything.
Search me. Maybe because I am stupid.
Sana-chan?
in a two-hour drama? That's fabulous!
Though not a whole lot more...
Ee-yow!
What can you do? Wow, Sana-chan, you're awl fired up, huh?
There's a goah-geous prize waiting for the winn-uh
--She was like that the whole way home in the car.
the best thing you can do is to hit your opponent in his weak spot.
 Take advantage of his weakness, hohoi no hoi 
--Sea cucumber! Sea hare! --Kurata!
Jason!
Tsuyoshi-kun, you know, don't you?
I just have to put up with it, put up with it!
See here!
--Hold her down! --Right!
--Stop it! --Akito-kun, make them stop, okay?
--I can't be late for it! --Eh? In that case, I'm feeling like opening up less and less.
Now let's see, first I have to tie a rope over there...
Waah! What's with this crazy weather!?
I'm going to go get a teacher.
Akito-kun, this is too cruel.
I didn't make the meeting...
That rotten Hayama...!
I may be tardy getting to school, but I've never been late getting to work.
--And she's the heroine. --How could he do this...?
Sana-chan... l, um... I...
What's wrong?
What? What? What? "What!?" "What!?" Hm? What?
Sensei, Maro-chan is scared of that thing on your head.
I've been wailing for an answer.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
And our usual classroom...
I'm going lo he honest and sincere,
h e 's th ere,
And our usual classroom...
This is fighting dirty, too!
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Oh? You're not sleeping with Sagami-kun?
Rei-kun! Rei-kun!
...Says Rei-kun, who also slept in, right?
--with Rei-kun. --We'll decide on the wardrobe while we're there...
--Now, shooting six commercials --Whoa! That was close!
--may be a bit rough... --I almost forgot my gym clothes!
"And so, having said that..."
Yahoo!
We're boxers! We know no pity! We're boxers!
Yay!
Because my name is Romeo! Juliet, yours is Juliet, so you're Juliet!
How come!?
Sana-chan, wash more splashily and hootily.
If you love ice cream, I love you!
Um... Yeah.
In any case, Sana-chan, get plenty of rest tonight, okay?
Never mind, just drive where I tell you. Now...
I've become an adult, madam.
--so skinny!
Yes. Akito usually eats quickly,
He has a crush on me!?
The sushi from this place is exceptionally delicious, huh?
Mm-hmm, delicious!
It's not yucky.
Hello, Kurata here. Ah, thanks for coming over the other day.
Ah, hello. It's me.
Anyone there? Hello? Yohoseyo? Paki nyo ha?
His "I don't hate it" would seem to mean "I love it."
--Thank goodness! --Thank goodness!
For shame, Father. You have to make sure you work moderately.
So was I.
Yeah, Pop.
You've got a crush on me, don't you?
Huh? But aren't you seeing Hayama-kun now?
It's not like that! He did all of that on his own!
"Back against the wall."
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...for two.
I've just done seven commercials, and you've got me doing four more!?
This Time, Sana is the Lonely Wolf This Time, Sana is the Lonely Wolf
I always feel Relax,
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2tettai shichau yo
Sengoku-sensei, please help me, I don't know what I am anymore.
Will someone be worried about me if I'm gone?
My precious no absence record has been destroyed
He...
It seems I care more about myself than him.
Hayama, that thing...
I'm thinking about my work too...
But I'm sure that your feelings could be only understood by yourself
Nakao-kun's letter had a continuation actually...
Ahh, he's a real idiot, isn't he?
Hayama. I wonder if I didn't think about the consequences and acted again.
In this state of situation, you guys are just licking each other's wounds.
Are you alive? Hey!
Sensei? What about Sensei?
Idiot.
Me too.
Nakao-kun was found but a stupid looking sight.
I'm trying to get my head out.
I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to Nakao.
Then don't look at me and say it.
Nakao-kun?
It's best for me to become a mummy.
I know! I will out an SOS to Rei-kun on my cell.
What now?
That letter... Sengoku-sensei, let us see it.
Even if I go out, there's nothing for me out there.
I thought he would come at first and I waited...
He is so uncool that there isn't anyone like him.
He's the king of uncoolness, really he is stupid.
You're comparing different measure.
because when you were in the karate club, I was really happy.
Nakao-kun?
Wait!
do you have any clue on where they are?
blur2odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
blur2anata to naite mitai kara
And make me the only one you love
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I always feel Relax,
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
The person who suggested to have the clubroom in the North Wing was Nakao!
Nakao, are you there?
Sana! Sana! Everyone came!
Suzuki-sensei and Sengoku-sensei, please go with them.
Ok...
I'm glad.
Do I have a meaning in life?
What can we do?
Um... can I come back now? Now it seems I can finally come.
Excuse me.
Ah, Matsui-san, what's wrong?
Yes! I got it!
I'll go tell everyone!
I had a dream.
And then...
And then I suddenly had an urge to live.
I'm dead but, no. Why did I die?
I wanted a proof that I'm alive and I started karate.
Are you sure you're alright? Answer me.
Excuse me, we're borrowing this room!
Principal!
Sengoku-sensei,
That letter didn't say anything about places. How would I save him?
Nakao-kun asking for help... It seems that you missed it, Sengoku-sensei.
So you used a wet vernicle to erase so I got a new brush from the storage room.
blur2Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
blur2anata to naite mitai kara
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Yoo-hoo!
Yiee! It's 8:30!
"I'm an Elementary School Student With a Pimp"
How come you didn't wake me up, Mama!?
Oh, I'm so late! Why is this happening?
Then she made me sit down and eat breakfast!
Rei-kun, I leave everything in your hands!
called "Gekidan Komawari, The Ensemble Circle,"
It's been a little while since I became a sixth grader, and changed classes.
--Ah, Sana-chan! --Sana-chan!
that I had to leave early for last time because of work.
Here, here, you see?
What's going on? How come?
--No, I can't take this! --Wait up! Mitsuya-sensei!
"'Child's Toy' Live Broadcast!!"
and it's all because of one guy!
Sure I know. I make sure to give him his spending money every month.
Ah, it's xxxx-chan, from xxxxx!
Hardly.
That's right, "Hazardousurvival!" It's a "Yakiniku plate" jungle,
That's no school!
Hey! What are you doing!? Let me go! Let me go! Hayama!
No need to worry! I'm not the least bit afraid of that brat!
At any rate, at your word, the ill repute of this young boy Hayama
then it's only proper that there should be a proportional retaliation, right?
Understood.
 But I let it all out on a live "Child's Toy"! 
 Now my anger is under control! 
Huh? That was a love song?
Sch-cool!
to go bam-bam!!
T-thanks, R-Rei-kun. T-these a-are k-kind o-of f-funny.
Sana-chan, you should stay home.
You're a smart-aleck, just because you're a little bit cute!
Sana-chan, I love you.
There you are, Boss Monkey!
She talked about you on television yesterday, Hayama-san.
Leave the girl alone.
What was he thinking?
Tanaka-sensei takes a long time in the bathroom.
Kurata, are you...?
We got them from Hayama-san.
You guys!
Cut that out, you guys! I can't put up with any more of this! I'm about to...
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
and ye! you always shilly-shally,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may he a little jumbled, bu! when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
who's also in Gekidan Komawari, and active as an entertainer.
Cut that out, you guys! I can't put up with any more of this! I'm about to...
He's more the devil than an idiot! The devil!
Hey.
Whoa! What are you doing!? Come on, let me go!
sprinkle you with soy flour, and eat you up!
Her mom's a weirdo, though.
We'll do it after school.
Wash your hands!
Gekidan Komawari is truly awesome.
Eh? Why Mami-chan!?
But I said a lot more than she did!
Sana-chan, good luck. You're the only one who can stop Akito-kun.
So then, was there anything else?
Wow, that's terrible!
--Get her to the nurse's office, quick! --I'll go get my gym clothes.
Tsuyoshi-kun comes first, then you're second smartest, right?
What exactly is it that you don't like!?
Right now, there isn't any trouble,
--Once something does happen... Sensei? --What should I do, Sri Lanka?
Oh, I can do that, huh?
"Sana-chan Sings"
Yay!
Huh...?
Tsuyoshi-kun, you know, don't you?
Hayama's weak spot?
You'll feel better if you spit it out.
So, what are you doing to me here, Hayama!?
I just have to put up with it, put up with it!
Ho ho ho! I can't be caught by the likes of you!
--Stop it! --Akito-kun, make them stop, okay?
"Watch out, Sana"
That's it! The rock climbing techniques you learned in Gekidan Komawari!
I get it, these are Miho-chan's, from 1st Class! Lucky!
I'll just borrow these, wash them and return them later.
Akito-kun!
Eh? Is that the pimp we've heard about?
Rei-kun, hurry! To the TV station!
Huh? Sana-chan, there's someone in front of your house.
Well after all, there's nothing but really weird stuff in here.
...up lo now, just for today,
I'm going lo he honest and sincere,
That's my boyfriend, Rei-kun, for you!
Next time on Child's Toy, Episode 3 of the Battle of Wind and Storm Saga:
Pu! on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
Mama. She's an Aoki Laureate novelist who keeps a chipmunk on her head.
Eh? His weak spot!?
Eh!? Fear of heights!?
--Okay then, I'm going home now. --That Akito, he has such an adorable weakness,
We're getting nowhere the way things are.
And they taste good over rice, too! Beans! Beans! Beans!
Do it, please!
Right, right.
After all, I love being in high places!
Mm-hm!
Hey, what are you waiting for!? Hurry up and jump, "Peggy" Hayama!
I've got him!
That was the flaw in my strategy.
--I can't take any more! --We did it!
you're going to become a worm.
That's odd. Did I get it wrong?
We couldn't take that!
Uncle. Uncle. Uncle.
Here you go.
Pizza's here!
Yeah? You're right. You think so? Yeah, you're right.
You're kidding!
Right, okay! Sana-chan, that was great!
I really felt like I was a doity cowuhd there.
away from him?
Tell me awl about it. Okay?
Yeah, he'll explain what he means, but about those make-out--
And then, you threaten him that if he doesn't do as you say,
Now then, how shall we lure him out, Washington-kun?
Watson, isn't it?
Hayama...
I don't want to become one.
...for two.
I'm going lo he honest and sincere,
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...for two.
Both today and tomorrow, I've go! time lo kick back.
This is all of them?
T- these are the pictures of the teachers... m- make-- making out...?
Here, wipe your nose.
Yeah.
Really? Really...?
All right...
I don't want to hear any sermons!
I really am sorry.
I'm done with it.
What is it?
then apologize to everyone here!
Come on!
That does it, right?
Don't get too pleased with yourself.
Sensei, geez, what are you doing crying?
This many postcards have arrived for her!
It's so refreshing, like the scales have fallen from my nose.
No, no, scales fawl from your eyes, don't they?
Gomi-kun is the leader of this one.
Gomi-kun there?
What's so funny!?
Hold on! Hold on! Why is it turning out like this!? Stop!
But still, violence is wrong.
Damn...
...or so it appeared...
Geez, he always takes off somewhere...
He's the one that has me so distressed!
"Hayama"
Wow, you're as cute as you are on TV!
Aren't I always telling you not to come home until my bedtime!?
I can't stand looking at you!
somehow, more than feeling upset about him...
I've started feeling sorry for him...
Sensei, your editor, Onda-san, is here.
Yes. That's what this personality assessment notebook says.
 Being a lone tanuki or a lone pig 
What is it, Oki-kun?
Um...
Not again...
He does this about once a year.
Once he snaps, he's famous throughout the group
And, you know,
that's neither here nor there...
Right, right! Don't get discouraged!
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
so BOY, lake a look my way!
h e 's th ere,
How about 200 watts!?
That would be too bright.
I'm Kurata Sana, age 11. I'm a sixth grader,
Sana-chan finally displayed her iron fist of fury!
Yeah.
Do you suppose Sana-chan isn't coming today?
"Let's all go see!"
Maybe the photo is working too well...
It's... not Hayama...
W- w- w- why do you have to be like that!?
Can't you do it?
Uh, no... I don't care anymore. If you want to die, you can just do it yourself.
Rei-kun!
--Mama, you're all flustered. --This is too strange!
Okay! Rei-kun, you get an extra scoop!
I've got nothing to do with you!
Let's go home.
Hayama!
Uh, nothing, never mind.
Okay, twist hard at the waist. One, two, three, four...
Ah, so this is a story about sist-uhs?
I'm a little confused. Could'ja explain it again?
--Sorry to intrude! --J- just a minute, now!
Look, look, this is freshly autographed!
No way. Your sister asked me, after all.
You burned the curry, you know! I told you to keep an eye on the flame!
No I didn't.
Your mother gave all that she had to give birth to you, didn't she?
What's this, suddenly? I thought you weren't very enthused about it.
I'm going to do my best, and I'm going to have Hayama's family watch it,
All right!
...panic!!
And our usual classroom...
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
My Aoki Laureate novelist Mama. The chipmunk on her head is Maro-chan.
And this is Hayama Akito, the former monkey boss who has become a lonely wolf.
 Hana, my flower, Hana, in dreams, my eyes see you in dreams 
You could always show up normally.
Yesterday, when I went over to his house, it was awfully strange.
--it's no wonder why Hayama would be so perverse, is it!? --Hold on... Sana-chan...
--What a stupid father and daughter they are! --Sana-chan...
 Now that I've made up my mind, I'm going down the drama path! 
I'm off, Mama!
That's right, Onda-san.
With your hand on your waist, and your pinky extended, drink it all at once!
For strong little kids and good little kids, it's Supopotamin!
-- Sana would do her best in the drama. --You can't let a scene go on seriously
Hello, my student, Sana-chan!
--"Welcome." It's right here in the script. --be sure to watch the broadcast!
Are you going to say hello? You really should, okay? I'm so excited!
After all, I love Kurumi-san! Her acting is so natural.
I was so happy!
Sana-chan?
Sana-chan, right?
Say, what kind of drama is it?
She didn't say what kind of drama it was,
Are you going to an amusement park with your friends?
Here, take it! As much as you want!
Mika, did you know that the reason Mom's health got ruined
Zenjiro-san, you're on!
Uh, yeah, so Sana-chan, this will be your first appearance in a drama.
Their family is the same! There's a sister and a younger brother, though,
Hayama's father!
Hmm? Aren't you Akito's...
who has been getting along so well with Akito at school then, huh?
You don't know a thing, do you? You dimwitted, stupid father...
If you don't, I'll come and wring your necks for salad dressing. All right? Bye!
Let's see... Favorite food, toast with nothing on it;
If you like, I can call him on my Burutcha.
And Sana-chan, too, could you please report to makeup?
Right!
If I was in a family where I was raised, being called "devil, devil,"
So? You're going to show this to Hayama and his family, right?
 Everyone will be happy, happy-py! 
 Even outside of the drama, happy-py! 
Drama? What drama?
sending a grade-schooler out to eat dinner by himself? Eh!?
Hey, Hayama!
Um, please watch the drama, okay?
Hayama! Come on, where are you!?
I dunno. I've never watched anything together with them.
And so, for Mama's sake...
Hayama...?
Ah, you see?
Stop... Let me go...
The truth is, I know... but why now, after all this time...!?
...up to now, just for today,
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
he's there,
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I always feel Relax,
...these Chicken-and-egg dum-dums. How did that turn out?
This is your fault, Akito! Everything is your fault!
And you've been through that for 11 whole years...
why did you have me?
And this is my favorite actress, Kurumi Asako-san.
And this episode seems to be one that develops her some more!
I'm home!
Geez, I have to sleep alone tonight!?
She said we were chicken-and-egg dum-dums.
Hot! Hot! Hot! Hot!
That's right. Hot! It's the first time I've ever made any.
Hot! So I can't make any guarantees about the flavor. Hot! Hot!
You'd better get some sleep, too.
That was probably... a first...
It's your allowance.
After all, Rei-kun, last night, you went to bed ahead of me!
Mama loves you, Mika. I've loved you since before you were born. That's why...
For whiter teeth to die for--
Today, before you tape "Child's Toy,"
Why?
Are you okay, Sana-chan?
Eh, um, here! Here! The tips of these bristles are so firm!
Well, I guess devils don't turn into angels overnight.
Rei-kun! Rei-kun! Rei-kun!
No!!
You see?
Very well.
I'm sorry, Sana-chan, I can't drive the car like this.
Could you go to your interview today by yourself?
I'm a fan of her's too. She's amazing herself. There's her...
How true are those stories?
Rei, it's you, isn't it!?
That's silly.
Hey, what's going on?
The whole time we were doing the drama, too.
What's going on!? Take off those sunglasses!
...my boyfriend!
How can you say that, after you dumped me?
I didn't dump you!
Hold on, now!
to always go along with the scenario.
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
It's been a long time. You've been avoiding me, haven't you?
Um, could you be mistaking me for someone else?
Show me your face!
That's none of your business, baby.
--Ah, there you are! --Oh, and when you could see the moon,
She opened the door just by snorting!
Otherwise, would he collect all of those clippings of her?
Ah, she startled me!
If you're looking for Sana-chan, I think she went home through the rear gate.
Please, take your time.
So, what is it we're talking about?
You little brat...
Mm-hmm, that's right.
She said "Sana-chan, you'll be a star in the future." Mama, are you listening?
--when she thinks as much of me as she does, --to give you your allowance.
I understand.
You're not in love with her, you know.
Enough!
Listen, Akito-kun, you're acting strange!
Sure there's more. Rascal... Hansel... Rubber sole... Russell...
If Tsuyoshi-kun likes Sana-chan, and he is his rival,
then that must mean...
My heart flutt-uhs at this refreshing May weath-uh!
They call this "Fair May."
Why don't we poik up our ea-uhs and listen to the sounds of May?
to take a look at ourselves.
I called.
That was pretty harsh, going to the studio by yourself like that.
You don't need to come get me tomorrow, either.
We have a field trip in social studies, so I'll come home with my friends.
An actress' face is her life!
 Yes, I welcome you. 
No, no, no, no! How did my song end up like that!?
 Gonna laugh! Gonna laugh! Gonna laugh at Hayama! 
Huh? What, what? Sounds interesting!
so please make some serious observations, okay?
Ah, I can see the school!
It's not like that. Hisae-chan said the elevator made her uncomfortable.
I do feel a little bit relieved.
Hayama, how about we go wash your face?
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
Oh, I can't face Rei-kun! I know! I'll cover my face!
"Pinch, Pinch, Sana's Love"
Sagami Rei-kun, my chauffeur and manager, and former boyfriend,
Wait, that's "bempi" constipation!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Zenjiro-sensei! Me! Me! Pick me! Yes, yes, yes!
--Awl right... Yoshiko-chan! --Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Listen, Zenjiro-chan, if you don't mind--
that you wear during festivals and such.
You're pretty confident, huh?
It's also what you call it when you abandon old ideas
and flutter your way into a new world.
Ba-bing, bye-bye, sayonara!
Metamorphosis, huh?
and has to shed a skin or two as an actress to grow.
Um, hello? About the commercial...
You betcha! I hail from Gekidan Komawari, after all!
Let's go, boss!
Oh, really? Your birthday?
Wow, Hisae-chan, tomorrow's your birthday?
--It's close, just days away. --Good question. --I forgot about that.
--It'll be my birthday, too. --I know what I'm getting her. --What? What? What?
Did you just laugh at me, Akito-kun?
It might be too much trouble for Babbit to hang around with her.
Such a hard worker...
I guess shooting commercials for two weeks straight has been rough on her.
She decided to do them herself.
Yes, Sana-chan crashed like that,
This is bad. I really blew it. The lunch tastes good, but this is still bad.
--What are you doing, Akito-kun? Get out of here. --Yeah, Sana-chan was in the wrong, huh?
 "Persimmon trees, mulberry trees," Ka - Ki - Ku - Ke - Ko. 
 "Uncooked wheat, uncooked rice," Na - Ni - Nu - Ne - No. 
Elegant and revitalizing, even in the jungle!
I'll have to make sure...
After work, it sure is nice to have some Japanese tea.
She's so happy-go-lucky...
But Kurata is a little underhanded herself, you know?
That's enough, Hayama!
Dunno.
Hayama...
Being the lone wolf is my thing. It doesn't suit you.
Once I offer them another proper apology, they'll understand.
Hayama, we always seem to be helping each other out, huh?
and also played the tragic heroine, Juliet. "Oh, Romeo..."
Sure, every day, with all the physical effort, my muscles got so sore!
Wow, I'll check them out!
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
...panic!!
Whoa, Tsuyoshi-kun, where did you go?
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
J- just a second!
Maybe I'm just imagining it, that's what I think,
--What do you mean by that!? --Keep it together, Tsuyoshi!
A... ki... to... -kun...
Really?
Sensei!
You keep your hands off of Rei-kun!
But to have him, of all people, be the one to rob me of my first kiss...
What I feel like eating now? Sea cucumber parfait...
Ah, hoop-hoop-de-hoop...
 God and Buddha, help me, help me, help me please! 
 I don't consider it to be a kiss. 
We must have just missed each other.
How can this be!? I got up at 4 o'clock to make this!
What if you turned it on its side?
Hayama! How can you call others idiots?
Does this mean that instead of being the devil, you're a kissing fiend!?
Listen, I'm going to tell you just one thing.
Thanks for having me.
Yow-ow-ow! The rubber band is caught in my hair! Yow-ow-ow!
--in those cheeks. Oh, Sana-chan, --why I can't face him.
 Faux pas, pawltry, parakeet! 
 I really goofed up, and got kissed. 
You're not calling her?
Do you think a boy like that would kiss just anyone?
That's not the way he looked to me.
Sana-chan, there are a lot of nice offers for work coming in.
Promise?
Hey, you sissy! If you've got some kind of problem,
didn't she?
Yes, yes, after you dumped me, I flunked out of college.
That's right. But after that, I lost my parents in an accident--
I didn't know. But is that my fault?
It would be one thing if you had done some things in the past, like Sana-chan,
Can I wait for you?
Huh? A visitor?
he's there.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Silence.
You're not listening to me, are you?
Isn't that right, Rei-kun?
He's not answering his Burutcha at all, either.
Ciao!
Sensei! Are you trying to make a fool of me!?
So, what grade are you in?
Let me have one too, okay, okay, okay?
No! Let me go, Big Brother! No!
That was mean! Don't pull on my handbag.
Sana-chan, is that...?
Think about it a little harder, dimwit.
You get it, Hayama!?
Why, you...! You three-story reinforced-concrete hardhead!
I've calmed down
I was waiting, thinking you'd figure it out for yourself,
What's between you and Sagami-kun, quite frankly, is not love!
Do you even know what "pimp" really means?
Is it true...?
I was the only one who misunderstood...?
Hey!
I can't ever return home again.
I'm not angry at him.
Rei-kun also gave me a chick. Is that how this is?
And if you had never met Sunglasses-san,
And Aono-chan would mu-ch rather have met her chick and be embarrassed about it,
H- hey...
He really did head home.
Bobbing along on the waves... The Mariana Trench Traveler's Inn...
Why don't you go home?
Thanks, I said!
Rei-kun...?
You can get back with Asako-san.
Sana-chan...
I'm all right, so why...
I've been waiting for an answer.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
...up to now, just for today,
If I keep gnashing around like this, I'm going to become a gnat!
I wish I hadn't said that.
All righty!
Stop criticizing and let's pull out of here, all right!?
--The next day, --After school today, you have an Odabutsu-land commercial to shoot.
--for a heart-to-heart chat --for a Bocari Sweet commercial.
--with Rei-kun. --We'll decide on the wardrobe while we're there...
Uh, Sana-chan, about what I was just saying...
Sana-chan, I failed you as a boyfriend.
One-two! One-two!
How come?
Okay, Rei-kun, onto the next one!
See? Sana-chan is full of life.
"Zenjiro retires"
Ah! Too much came off!
--Onto the next one! Onto the next one!
If you love ice cream, I love you!
Ah, I could do commercials like this over and over again! I can still eat more!
We still have to shoot autumn, winter and spring-- four types in all.
"Uchiyamada-kun retires"
Manager reject!
I'm not so flavorless a girl as to treat men that I've broken up with
Yes?
Rei!
--...or so Mama said, right? --Right.
Wow, a package of sushi! Is that a present?
He has a crush on me!?
--If he had a crush on me, --It looks like she really is distraught.
then there would be sparklers going off. Pa-pa-pa-pa!
"Hayama"
Knowing him, he's just being aloof.
Hayama, come on. You're the oldest son, so you've got to keep it together.
She's over there.
He's probably working himself too hard.
Akito, I'm sorry about this. Did I startle you?
Hayama,
Burutcha...?
All right, all right.
Oh, manipulate men in the palm of my hand.
I tell you!
Amateur.
There's something remarkable about your talent, Sana-chan.
I've been waiting for an answer.
And our usual classroom...
Sheesh! Rei-kun, you've booked too much work for me!
I'm Kurata Sana, a TV personality with Gekidan Komawari, and 6th grader.
Well, I could say it's quite a bit different.
"Dappi" is the extremely thin, vest-like top
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Everyone, be quiet! Shaddap!
Ba-bing, bye-bye, sayonara!
Will we make it in time?
It's delicious! Hachimitsu Mikanpai!
Tomorrow? Is something happening?
It's Hisae-chan's birthday party.
Let's see, I'm on location at the beach tomorrow, I think.
It might be too much trouble for Babbit to hang around with her.
Edokko Rice Crackers are Japan's best!
Birthday!?
Morning? Which morning? What day is it? Who am I?
I really am sorry.
This is bad. I really blew it. The lunch tastes good, but this is still bad.
What's she doing? She's not one bit sorry.
It's okay. I'll only be busy for a little while longer.
Sana-chan! I, Sagami Rei, will protect you,
Sana-chan!
 "That water strider is blue," A - I - U - E - O. 
 Chan-chan, Bara-bara, "There's a cloud of dust!" 
 Boko-boko, "Inside the dust is a little squirt." 
 Shee-shee-shee, draw a star, clap-clap! 
You worked really hard, Sana-chan. That was the last one. We're all done.
After work, it sure is nice to have some Japanese tea.
Whew, Babbit has been keeping up with Sana-chan the whole time,
Sana-chan...?
Hayama-san...
Do you need the restroom? Here, go ahead, go ahead.
Tsuyoshi-kun is going crazy, too!
What were you guys doing!?
Listen, you... What good is it going to do for you to get mad?
Yeah, I really am.
Nobody said I got angry over you. I just blew my top, that's all.
Don't forget Tsuyoshi, either. He snapped too, after all.
"My bad"
"Sorry"
Sana-chan, I think that you like working more than you like us.
And our usual classroom...
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...up to now, just for today,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
"Kodomo no Omocha "
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and yet you always shilly-shally,
It's Tsuyoshi!
Spell it out so I know what's going on!
Tsuyoshi's parents got divorced.
He said they'd gotten divorced, that they'd left him,
You may be divorced, but you're still his dad, right!?
I told you! I don't know, you miserable brat!
Don't forget about me!
And so it went on, and on, and on...
His dad could have been going nuts like that this whole time.
Lately, I haven't talked to him all that much...
Have you ever heard Tsuyoshi-kun say anything bad about his father?
I'd forgotten! It's dangerous to get too close to him!
T- Tsuyoshi-kun, why...?
Wow, thanks so much.
While I was out shopping, I went to see Akito-kun's father.
Wow, your brother made a little house for it!
Big Brother, what about Father? When is Father coming?
um...
You're starting to scare me!
Ah! Akito is reading Big Brother's manga!
--Wait! Those aren't-- --There's no water!
--Open the shutoff valve. --Where's the next volume of this manga?
Moving is more fun with a lot of people, huh?
Geez, Tsuyoshi-kun, you're so polite!
Sana-chan...
Hey! Don't be presumptuous!
What can you buy for 5 nowadays!? That won't even cover the sales tax!
You've got such a mother complex, Tsuyoshi!
He just loves his mom, that's all!
That's one for the books-- Sugita raising her voice like that...
Tsuyoshi-kun has always been affectionate toward his mom,
--After I got done handing them out, there was one left over, --Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate!
That's okay. I'm over Sana-chan now.
You're over her? That's too bad. I guess that's how it goes.
happy birthday, Tsuyoshi-kun!
U- um, I heard that today was your birthday.
"Keep hanging in there. Aya"
Mm-hmm!
Father, how are you eating, and stuff?
"Back against the wall."
to always go along with the scenario.
...panic!!
Oh, I don't have a dad!
Oh yeah, you haven't forgotten that we're having outdoor school
I really like the stage.
Three days?
When will it be published?
Mm-hmm, all right. I won't be able to help you out at all,
We're going! We're going, right?
Did you bring your hair dryer?
Now, now, Ando-sensei, it's too early in the morning to be getting worked up.
We're off!
So, where are we going?
 --Are you ready!? Are you ready!? --That's dangerous!
This guy's got some impressive tackle!
Oh, meat! Meat!
Say, let's all stay up until morning!
What are you doing, Hayama!? Oh, you startled me!
No, you said all that on your own!
You've been acting strange lately, you know?
The principal...?
That's Narunaru's laugh.
And as for you...!
Sushi...
Narunaru is on the students' side.
Principal! Do you think it's good for this school's educational policy
to allow this to go on!?
Keep the jokes limited to your wrinkles, you hag!
They'll turn out fine-fine.
Sana won't be left out! Ha, ha, ha!
Um, I can't clean the bathroom if you work in there.
-- ...are saying goodbye to the sun for the day. --I want to go home quickly, yet at the same time,
Well, Sana-chan, you were absent 'cause of your outdoo-ah school,
Uchiyamada-kun!
--Just kidding! --Just kidding!
"For some reason, it's suddenly limbo time!"
Aah! What kind of outfit did you put me in!?
This week's Sana-chan! Alien-style. What do you think?
It's "badgers," you idiot.
--Hey!! --Let's limbo!
What kind of remark is that!? I can't let that one go by!
Last night, before we went and joined the teachers.
It occurs to me that you...
There are times when I think,
"All of her usual cheerfulness could be just an act, couldn't it?"
So I have to stay cheerful all the time!
Something has happened, hasn't it?
Is that how I look?
...panic!!
And our usual classroom...
I always feel Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
He started out as my natural enemy, the boss monkey of 6th Grade 3rd Class.
before we get to today's story, start the VTR from last time!
Sana, how about we fulfill your promise?
After it gets destroyed, you can always patch it up again.
By the way, Onda-san, about Sensei's current book...
Oh, good heavens!
T- the batteries are dead!
The Hayama family's happy circle.
It would be fun if a girl like her became Akito's wife, wouldn't it? Or not...
Well then, I guess you'd have to become her husband, Akito.
Natsumi, you'll go off and marry somebody someday, right?
Tell me! Come on, come on, come on!
Anyhow, everyone thinks that our home has gotten a little bit more enjoyable,
All I did was give everyone a little nudge.
If it was me, and I had done something even a little bit nice for someone,
Hayama is putting everything he has into telling me this...
Thanks.
W- what's the deal with you!? You were crying just a moment ago!
 Hayama, smile! Let's see it! 
-- And while we're at it, let's dance! --Cut it out! Cut it out!
 Won't you smile for me? One more time, one more time! 
Smile, I say! Come on! Come on! Laugh, I tell you!
Wow! Looks like we managed to climb up, huh?
Yeah.
and felt that I really did have a place to go when I felt like crying.
We were trying to tease you!
How cute! How cute! I know...!
Mm-hmm! Maro-chan, I'm back!
Is that so? Nice work.
I'm back.
Good. Sana-chan doesn't seem any different than her usual self.
Summer vacation!
But even so, I'm insanely busy!
Wash! Wash! One, two, four! Ah! Too much came off!
Sana-chan...
Ha ha!
--I'll be acting with a boy who's the same age as us. --Come on, come on, this way, this way...
So what about it?
I wonder what kind of kid he is. She said it was a boy,
And if he's not a girl, that means he's a boy, right?
Of course it does.
Awesome!
He's a gorgeous kid! Almost like a girl!
--Say, could you get me his autograph? --They say he's a bishonen. I wonder what type.
Melt, would you?
If that happened, I wonder if your legs would come out abruptly,
What are you, stupid? I'll bet that hurt.
What's the matter, Akito?
N- nothing.
--Roaches whimper, then pop off!" --Roaches whimper, then pop off!"
We're both shooting commoicials, but what a difference!
--The roads were all congested. I'm really sorry about this. --when I get like this!
Oh, both of them are so adorable!
Who are you!?
he's there.
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 16; fate wraps itself around Sana.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
if I eat a lot more of them,
if you ask me! Don't you think so?
I heard it was on the news at the time.
Huh? It's being made into a book?
And what were you going to do with it? Eh?
What!?
Whoa! You like me!? Hey, how can you say that so suddenly!?
Where were you carrying that stuff?
Let's work together again sometime, Sana-chan. Bye!
 When you're in a fix, don't think about it! 
 When things are hard, don't think about it! 
All right! Now I don't have anything on my mind!
Ah, hold on now...
You want to start talking...
Sana-chan, you're twirling too much!
--She fell! --I'm fine! I'm fine!
Is something wrong?
Hayama, how are you doing?
 One, two, three, yay! Come on, one, two, three, yay! 
It'll turn out fine-fine! Fine-fine!
Akito-kun, Principal Narunaru came, and Zenjiro is here, too.
What's going on? Hey, Akito-kun, what's going on?
His eyes are blue. He looks half-western. How cool!
Kissed him!?
"Thump-thump"
A live performance, where outtakes are not allowed!
and then swallowing it works well.
that took a stand to save her village from an army that was oppressing them.
Did you hear that? He spoke Japanese.
just to do commercials earns her eight figures.
Are you okay, Sana-chan?
Sana-chan's got panache, all right.
All I've ever done was try to run away from difficulty and sorrow,
--I realize that now! --Ah, Sana-chan, incredible!
Thank you so much for attending today's Gekidan Komawari production.
I'm getting sick of this anime!
Ah, it's no use. Sana-chan and Kamura-kun are surrounded by fans and the press.
Chop!!
There's no way Akito-kun would do anything that takes that kind of resolve.
Huh? Akito-kun, why? Why would you?
The second act is about to begin.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
...for two.
We hope you look forward to it.
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-hatter,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
Sagami Rei-kun. He's my chauffeur and manager,
If you feel like crying, come find me.
They said that Sana-chan will be coming out this way!
Akito-kun! Hello!?
--Thank you very much! --Sana-chan, I watch you all the time!
Amazing, Sana-chan. You sure are popular. I'm taken aback.
Breathe through your mouth!
Sure, Rei-kun.
Are you jealous?
Don't be so full of yourself, you idiot!
Hey, what is this!? Hayama, you liar!
Is that still bugging you? You're going to turn into a bug!
She looked like a brilliant queen of the stage!
Right.
It's all right! No matter what may happen,
Just then...
Your hair is as strange as ever, huh?
How about marrying your uncle here when you're a little bigger?
Hmph, what a rude man!
Who on earth is he?
So, he's the one she divorced when she was twenty?
Come on! Lend me some money.
Nope!
Mama, isn't it this one?
--After him! --You bet!
If I can't have any money, can I take the vase in the living room,
I'd like to present some of the slightly shocking content...
was an abandoned child that she found on a park bench eleven years ago,
Typically, when it is called an essay, it is true, right?
Sensei, what about Sana-chan's... What about Sana-chan's feelings...?
to be misfortunate in and of itself.
--Rather, I think of it as a fortunate encounter." --Kurata-san! Please come talk to us!
Must be a slow day for everyone.
Aw, it wasn't printed. Huh...?
And you're happy to see them?
Scarred? You're not tawlking about that thing with the stewardess, right?
I thought that I could no longer go on living as an ordinary woman,
Naturally, the other people an the street looked upon me with a strange eye.
--My body felt lighter, and before I realized it, --What was I so worried about?
Mama was also in it for a little while when she was little.
Say, this says...
Take Maro-chan over, okay?
"You must not point fireworks at others."
don't play around with fireworks by pointing them at others.
--Do you really know how Sana-chan feels? --Rei-kun, stop, okay? Okay?
--If you knew, then there's no way you could have done it! --Rei-kun, enough...
You're a fine one to be talking about strangers!
Hayama-kun... we're kind of in the middle of a fight here...
I've been waiting for an answer.
...for two.
so BOY, take a look my way!
Well, when people are worried, they tend to get hungry, huh?
Mama, the Aoki Prize-winning writer.
When did that start happening to me?
You letch!
--Kurata-san did not have any statements concerning the content of her essay. --Oh, they're at it now!
Huh? But...
Goodbye...
--Apparently, she was completely unaware that it was said out of spite, --You have influence!
I love you, Mama! I love you!
Yes, I appreciate it.
Is that so? That might allow my daughter to feel better.
The press corps still has not left, and all.
for two or three days would be better, under the circumstances.
Still, please do not forget how much Sana-chan loves you.
We blew it.
Okay then, I guess I'll take you up on it.
Sana-chan, those moles of yours are unusual, huh?
there's a city called Scheveningen "sukebe ningen," lecherous person.
How cute!
It's a little unusual, isn't it?
I have them, too. I was born with three huge birthmarks, all in a row.
Huh? I was right?
Don't worry. That topic will never come up anywhere.
I said don't tell anyone!
I can't sleep.
Ra-let's get some-men!
--Brassiere-- --Whoa, just leave it at that.
This week's Akito-kun.
I couldn't help myself from rushing in here!
--Good evening...
--Uh-oh! They found me out! --That's entertainment reporters for you.
Lasso, lasso, hey!
What are you doing?
Ah, aloe yogurt! This stuff has been getting pretty trendy lately.
Vinegared squid.
I found it!
--Zenjiro-san! --Sana-chan!
It shua can.
We both have our troubles, but they say that rumuhs only last for 75 days.
A little time will solve everything.
Sana-chan, you hang in there.
I humbly partake.
And even if she reads it, she might not come forward.
"I only had a five percent chance of having a child.
If you don't want that, then you can just tell them you don't want to, can't you?
And so, we now bring you the press conference
--held by Kamura Naozumi-kun a little past 9 o'clock last night. --Kamura...?
with the place that took Sana-chan in for a month?
I ask you to please leave Sana-chan alone.
Naozumi! See here!
He seemed like a prince from another country.
--It's not usually something you'd go public with, huh? --I've dragged Naozumi-kun into this, now.
but she says she would like to speak with the madam.
Akito-kun!
to always go along with the scenario.
...for two.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
The dazzling, brilliant sky, and the white clouds that kindly protected me,
"Kodomo no Omocha "
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
It's Babbit!
"Enter Tsuyoshi-kun's father!!"
Hey, that's taking it a bit far. At least he has a combov-beep...
Over-the-hill cue ball! Over-the-hill cue ball!
Okay, now you've done it! You're getting it back, and then some!
You think that's going to work against an Oki!?
Don't forget about me!
Since way back...
but as we were leaving his house earlier,
It was right in front of my face.
You touch someone's breasts, then pass it off like it was nothing...!
Now, don't get too worked up. The vein in your forehead is throbbing.
Once it's straightened up, come on over and see it.
Wow, thanks so much.
He's fine.
Big Brother, what about Father? When is Father coming?
From now on, Big Brother will act as Father, too.
But Big Brother, you've got hair!
but I'm glad he's in a good mood.
and he appears to be okay, considering.
You really helped us out today.
Geez, Tsuyoshi-kun, you're so polite!
...be my wife?
Ee-yow... I was just kidding...
You're worse than cheap!
Sensei!
--I still haven't caught you... --So, Aya-chan, you came all the way over here just for that?
--Sana-chan is strange, even at home. -- Go, go, go, go, go! 
And so, starting today, my name will be Sasaki,
Tsuyoshi's mommy works the registers part time at the supermarket,
Y- you don't mean...
But Tsuyoshi likes Kurata, right?
That means there's a love triangle going on! Awesome!
Everyone, are you aware that we're in the middle of class?
Kurata is a lot of trouble! Sugita is calm and gentle.
What did you say to Aya-chan?
I told her that today is Tsuyoshi's birthday.
Happy birthday,
No.
Bye!
U- uh... Sugita-san...
Yesterday, Hayama-kun told me...
That's what you say about times like these.
My heart may he settled, but my mind is in a...
...panic!!
It's come... It's come!
it's time to get out of there!
I always feel Relax,
after a lot of wrangling.
Yes.
Sensei...
Well hello there! I'm Sana!
Yeah? You had me when you were 14!? Amazing! Let's see, 14...
We're at a loss, too.
I was still just a child, but I truly did love him.
How come you didn't decide not to give birth?
 March 7th, so Kurata Sa-Na! 
Don't you get it yet? What if they were wrong?
What if I was actually born on March 6th?
Hi! My name is Sam. Very thank you. And you?
--"Tom is taller than him." --She's not at all serious.
It's okay, isn't it?
Keiko-san, you have a ring. You're married.
A ring worn on the left ring finger is a wedding ring.
As long as you're happy, that's great. So, how old are your children?
You're happy about that? Good for you.
Oh, you guys!
Nawnsense, how could that be?
You're right. Pick it up for her.
...come on... pick it up... come... on...
Wow, we're spinning, we're spinning!
Wow, I'm getting dizzy!
Not really.
They wook wike dolls!
If I shouldn't think that at some point...
...isn't going to happen. I can't do that.
it really frightens me. After all, if you hadn't... I wouldn't...
Zoom!
...that Sana...
It'sh all sho eashy for you...
That's utsuro na manako! "blank look in your eyes"
Oh, why not? You stayed with me the whole time, didn't you?
That's what you say about times like these.
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
Hey, are you nervous?
What is it?
Anatomical model!
Zooming on to the next one! The second round is from this VTR!
And so, here is your question.
--cost 30,000. Now then, --This time for sure... this time for sure...
Ever since you gave up being the monkey leader,
Oh, no! I can't let myself play into his hand...
If there's anything I can do to help, would you tell me?
--I can't stand losing to Hayama! --Sana-chan faced off against the disheartened Hayama at the shrine.
Welcome!
So I take it out on Akito, and call him a devil...
Rei-kun! Rei-kun! Rei-kun!
--Now then, --All right,
Now then, what kind of picture is this photograph,
that has fallen out of Hayama's pocket?
If you answer this question correctly, you will get ten points!
Planted a kiss on her.
Oh, it's the pimp.
Get in here!
Can a grade-school kid like you understand?
You have a visitor. We're coming in.
Okay, it's up to you now. Take all the time you need.
Rei-kun! Asako-san was here!? Asako-san came to see you, Rei-kun!?
Last Hunter Quiz question!
Sagami-kun is an adult, and you cannot be the object of his affection.
Just between you and me,
I do think that Rei-kun was my first love.
I'd like to think that these feelings of mine are the real thing.
Babbit?
What does a kid like me do with something like this?
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
My beloved Mama, an Aoki-award winning novelist.
And then, one day...
Hey, Rei-kun, unless you translate for us, the story won't move forward.
"Zenjiro-san!"
so I wound up letting Naozumi-kun take me.
I'd like to thank him for what he did earlier, but how do I bring it up?
I'd sound like I was stuck-up. How embarrassing...
once the book came out.
Is Sana-chan coming, too?
My goodness, welcome!
N- nice to meet you.
--Director, do we look like her?
Hey! No sooner do I say that, when who is that over there starting a fight!?
What kind of defiant little kid is this!?
and think of you as their older sister, Sana-chan.
--Sana-chan's reception party ready!
everyone got all excited, and said they were going to throw a reception for you.
All joking aside,
--Sana-chan, your jokes are hawsh! --That girl was here together with you, Nao-chan.
I won't cry anymore. I won't cry.
Wow, amazing, amazing! They're going all-out.
 But the barbecue didn't have any meat! Oh, well. 
 Sana-chan is touched at this reception. 
 I don't remember it, but there's no place like home! 
S- strutting around...?
like myself, you silly.
If you don't know, then look it up for yourself, Auntie.
Easy, easy, easy... at this rate, I'm going to lose any chance of recovery.
Hey, Koji!
He isn't really a bad boy.
Did you get the Polaroid camera? And don't forget to buy film!
and the super-strong vacuum cleaner!?
Sorry, I don't have time to entertain you right now.
Three!
The one who looks like this! See? See?
My, Sana-chan, what a hullabaloo.
What is she, an idiot?
How about that?
Hey...
Hey! Are you playing with fire again!?
--Just come with me. --What? What?
 --Big Brother Nao is falling apart. 
 --Big Brother Nao is falling apart. 
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Bring it on, Rei-kun. If I win...
So, who's winning?
Oh, nothing.
I'm going to have a barbecue party with Aya-chan and the others!
--Thank you very much!
Okay!
...want to... learn...
You call that an Encouraging Information Corner?
I'm going! I'm going, I'm going, you bet I'm going!
--You really wanted to go alone with Tsuyoshi-kun tomorrow, didn't you? --I'm no good...
It really is a good job. Now that you're in the public eye, Sana-chan,
And, while you're occupied with that, it's composition time!
Here's this week's Sana-chan!
I pushed her into making that promise with me,
...is what will happen to you from here on out.
Akito-kun!
 Sana-chan will tough it out, tough it out, with you! 
Sana-chan...
performing is a rigorous path to follow!
Call up your tiny little determination, and go, go, with this timid karate...!
If I didn't have all this work,
With Sana-chan around, we can rest easy about the ratings!
Sana-chan's gonna retire!?
D- did you just say "Yes"!?
He must have grown up a little.
By the way, do you have any prospects for your next place of employment?
Sensei...
I'd take a bullet for her...
strike!
Hayama...
You think so, really?
Hayama, if you want to do karate, then I... I want to...
Mm-hmm! I'm quitting quitting!
Hey! Who is that, making so much noise in someone else's yard
Naozumi-kun!
Quit it! Quit it! I'm not quitting, so quit it!
Keep your arm at your side, make a tight fist, and twist as you...
All right, I'll do this!
In dire straits,
...for two.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
it's time to get out of there!
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
How's that!? How's that!? How's that!? Am I hitting anything!?
I'm so busy with work that I don't come at all.
are you sure it was okay for you to say that?
--if you get hit by those rays. --so long as nothing happens, right?
--But Uchiyamada-kun's free fall is awfully painful. --so long as nothing happens, right?
Mama! Mama! Sana-chan-- Sana-chan talked to Mawiko!
No, Mawiko is still pwaying.
I can't see Sana-chan...
Zenjiro-chan, while you were knocked out, everyone else was eating lunch.
Is this awl!? There's hawdly anything left at awl!
I told her not to move.
--Mariko! --Mariko-chan!
Hey, stawp! No! Don't do that! Hands off! Hey!
Ah, that's a drag.
"Rei-kun's route" means Rei-kun's old friends, the homeless network.
That's our Rei-kun for you!
Thief!? H- hush, you dummy! Where are your parents!?
Sane-yan, are you in here!?
Go find this kid's parents!
There's still time!
How about the sausage radish version?
Mariko-chan! Mariko-chan, I'm coming to find you right now!
Um, have you found Mariko-chan yet?
Let's have some fun together again.
I left Mariko all alone, and went back inside the house.
It's me.
Whaddya know? Looks like Sana-chan is busy, too.
No way, no way, Sana-chan is too busy. Go on home to your mothuh.
--Have you seen Mariko-chan? --She's a cute little girl.
--She's a cute three-year-old! --She's a cute three-year-old girl!
Potty!
After searching this much and not finding her,
Even knowing about me... even knowing about me and you, Sana-chan,
Mariko...
and didn't help out at all.
All right! All's well that ends well, so I'm going to compose a song!
...up to now, just for today,
And our usual classroom...
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Akito-kun,
It's really Sana-chan!
Speaking of which, Sana-chan, what are you going to do about middle school?
Naturally, you're coming up through our middle school, right?
Let's come-come over the rainbow!
You should basically be able to go right into middle school
in order to see what can be expected of your efforts, according to Andoh-sensei.
Mitsuya-sensei! In cases like this, it is the way of the educator to deal harshly!
I couldn't help it. This lie is only out of consideration for the students.
Mitsuya-sensei...
Okay then, let's start with math.
Everything we have studied up to now has been compiled on here.
Sana-chan has gone rigid.
Yeah.
 Whoopsie-daisy, I stumbled, 
 Fifth grade math came falling down on me, 
Chances are, you really could be at risk for going to middle school.
See? Perfect!
There's nothing to worry about, you two.
There's no need to be in a private school,
We're all going to middle school together.
If you need my advice, we can talk about anything.
There's still one more.
Shh! Don't say that too loud!
What do you want, Kurata?
--You're shameless! --Make-out?
...still have your indoor uwabaki shoes on.
Make sure you wipe the bottoms of your shoes when you go back inside.
--Hold it! Hold it! --W- what's going on?
This smells like a conspiracy!
A-ha!
I know I heard it! "Make-out picture"!
Let go of me, would you!?
We will all help take care of Sana-chan's math!
You've got some snot coming out.
Isn't there some--- isn't there some way out of this?
I've got a secret plan!
Not really.
It's nothing!
If you want to see it that bad, I'll give it to you.
It's starting to come back to me... the excitement of that summer...
--Limbo!
"Back against the wall."
I've been waiting for an answer.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
...for two.
Hayama and Mami-chan... are you two really water that has spilled now?
"Kodomo no Omocha"
I always feel Relax,
Time for gym class! I'm going to go give it my all!
Ah, Sana-chan, it's Kurosuke! Kurosuke!
Sip!
--or else it will upset his stomach. --I said I'm caught here.
It's almost like you're Kurosuke's mother, Mami-chan.
I forgot my jump rope! I'm going to go run back to the classroom.
Because that doesn't happen very often in Japan.
What? No one's here. I'm sleepy...
Cows?
What did you do to Mami-chan!?
Hey, Hayama, you're acting a little funny, aren't you?
Babbit has just arrived.
I don't think that anything has happened
Do you know what kind of scars that leaves on the heart of a little girl
Can you understand that?
It's frightening. It hurts.
Scars of the heart do not disappear over a mere apology.
I'm going out!
Yes?
Babbit is okay here, too.
Say, Mami-chan...
it's something that can't be undone.
resenting and being resented by each other!
"Sana-chan thinks!"
 becoming friends again, happy-py! 
Now for a model... all right, there's one!
No good, huh?
We're the get-along bunnies!
is that I doubt you can fix them by slapping a Heal-Band on them.
Today we're having our first in a series of poisonally experience with provoibs!
and if you fawl, you're out!
What a hawsh game this is! Zero! Zero! Zero! Zero!
Oh? Sana-chan's the only one left?
Sana-chan, good luck!
Yeah, aren't they nice? I got them as gifts from New York.
Sane-yan?
I did it! I undid what was done!
But still...
so I'm going to leave your water here for you.
What?
Sana-chan's Kurosuke looks like this.
I guess it looks like him.
"I have to play this game as a penalty because I lost at billiards" person.
More or less. What about you, Sana-chan?
We haven't paid his consultation fee yet.
Mami-chan!
Kurosuke!
If you give him that much to eat at once, you're going to upset his stomach again.
"Back against the wall."
...for two.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
so BOY, take a look my way!
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
I'm Kurata Sana, a TV personality with Gekidan Komawari, and 6th grader.
"Tsuyoshi-kun has collapsed"
Is there anything I can do? Ask me anything, Tsuyoshi-kun.
I dare you to say that again, you ojin stick-in-the-mud!
Go on, say it!
Yes, Sana-chan?
Ka-ching!
Besides, if Sana-chan gets involved,
I told you...
Tsuyoshi-kun! Are you okay? I heard you weren't feeling well.
I heard you're raising a chicken on the veranda of your apartment.
Uh, well, you see...
Aono-chan, what do you have in your handbag?
Ah! There are people watching us on TV!
It has become a chicken.
But I feel sorry he has to wear that mask.
without thinking first.
Here! For you!
Even so, Sana-chan, it's also true that Aono was thrilled, and she adores it!
Come on, Piyoko!
What time do you think it is, anyway!? We can't sleep, you know!
Sana-chan, you're talking to Piyoko.
Really?
Mm-hmm, if it's your house, Sana-chan, that's fine.
Well, you can give them corn, and seashells, and broken china.
It's like I'm dreaming!
Ta-da! In here, the atrium that Mama built for fun.
but the flak you get out in the real world is harsh, isn't it?
Out of the way, Maro-chan.
This is the first time all year that I've had that refreshing feeling
Say, is Piyoko giving you any trouble?
 Piyoko the rooster goes cock-a-doodle-doo. 
 On the apartment's veranda, cock-a-doodle-doo. 
W- what is this!?
Huh? I wonder if Piyoko likes you, Zenjiro-sensei.
to have him stare at me so intently like that.
Here on this auspicious day,
All right then, have a long and happy life. Run away!
My plan to arrange a marriage for Piyoko failed.
Sana-chan, I said before that you were perfect the way you were,
I'm coming for your cockscomb!
Stand aside! We're going to kill that thing!
What? What? What's the matter?
Yes?
We'll think of something for Piyoko together one more time!
In order for this chicken to have a bright future, where he can crow,
Sana-chan... if you had a monkey along, too, you'd be Momotaro.
--Incredible! Outstanding! --not knowing what's going on in your own backyard, huh?
and forget whatever it is they were told.
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
And our usual classroom...
And our usual classroom...
You know that, and yet you still stroll on back here.
He'll probably go home after taking five or six shots in the mouth.
Hey, Rei-kun, shake it off! Hey, hey!
No, it's not terrific, you empty-talking good-for-nothing!
I'll be back!
"Give Me Sympathy and Lend Me Money"
Yes, yes, that's right. Her ex-husband. And the thing of it is...
--There's shua to be a better job coming alawng... --Okay!
Uncle, you're pushing too hard.
Excuse me, ex-husband, but you're embarrassing me,
Very far be it for you to tell me now.
I've borrowed a lot of money from a rather unsavory place...
Big dreams, you say?
Mm-hmm. Up until earlier,
And before that, I traveled to the lakes of the world,
Please help your uncle!
Ah, you mean these, do you?
He's a hit man from the secret organization,
You want to use me, and keep it a secret from Mama and Rei-kun?
What do you think you're doing!?
--Sure he is. I work with him --and be wearing this ridiculous costume!?
--I don't know, why don't you ask him? --Then I'll build a high-falutin' house, and have a lawts of pretty goils,
I don't know.
I don't know how tasty it is.
There you go, pretending you don't know again.
Okay, the day after tomorrow, then.
--I turned him down flat. --What could be bettuh than that?
'bout what?
H- how are you able to make that assertion, huh!?
--all kinds of things. --But Hayama is such a stupid jerk... --When you find your opening, you...
Still, are you sure that job is really okay?
Boo on being slapdash!
Let me first introduce you to the boss-- I mean, company president.
Tasty, tasty, and it'll be easy, well-oining woik, right?
I understand that you are personally going to pay back the money
It doesn't appear that she has heard, Boss.
You're so fortunate to find such happiness!
Sana-chan...
That's my idol.
You never said anything about making her do all of this, too.
Of course, my true objective...
Mm-hmm.
While we're doing that, we get Sana-chan.
No matter how well Sana-chan can handle it, this is...
President, you don't look like such a bad person yourself.
He wasn't lying about that part. Right, Secretary?
I should have told you sooner.
Zen-chan!
Nevuh mind that they're leftovuhs from a reception, this stuff is rich!
he's there.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
My beloved Mama is a famous Aoki-award winning novelist.
My manager, chauffeur, and former boyfriend, Sagami Rei-kun.
Sana-chan, come visit us again soon.
Autumn...
No. Every year, I visit the cemetery.
Oh?
Party on Christmas Eve! A birthday party and gift exchange!
Never mind that...
Are you saying I'm not!?
Y- you just barely told us that, Father Hayama...!
Doesn't matter which one. Let's get going.
"Hayama says 'Eh!?'"
You said that a long while ago.
Sana-chan, Sana-chan, you mustn't believe that!
Ah, it got stuck!
You know, perchance, conceivably, it's possible that...
Hey there, stick with your own ideas!
Hey, watch out!
What about our investigative mission!?
There they are!
What do we do?
I don't know...
Huh!?
Is something the matter?
How awful!
Peeping, huh?
I saw it too. It's true.
Watch, we're going to reenact the love-love scene!
--I don't know what your father is thinking, --that has terrible strawberry parfait!
--Huh? What?
She's in this picture with Mom.
This is more dangerous than anything, sir.
He bumps into his late wife's friend, and suddenly remarries!
Back when I was little, he used to talk a lot about Mom,
He probably doesn't want to be reminded. She died giving birth to me, and all.
Her name is Daiichi Shiori-san, and she was your mom's best friend.
She is a very kind, nice person, so I'm sure you two will like her.
and now you're suddenly having her come over today!
without letting Mama know!
Huh? An emergency neighborhood association meeting?
Be back soon!
So, your father had to go out, did he?
Yes, something suddenly came up. Be my guest.
'lo there!
-- He's a shocking father, -- He's a shocking father, 
-- Anywhere he goes, -- Anywhere he goes, 
 since I'm just a little shy. 
 But I'm still a dandy Father Hayama. 
Ah, Sana-chan, you're over, are you?
Akito-kun, your father said he wanted me to personally tell you
I had been a failure as a father.
I put Akito through a lot of misery.
--How could I have done such a thing!? --I'm embarrassed myself.
You really are idiots.
And then, when summer came around...
Which is why, Natsumi-chan and Akito-kun, your mom gave you the names that she did.
The names of the seasons in which you were born.
I remember the summer you were in her tummy, Akito-kun.
This baby is going to be born in October, so I'm going to name him Akito,
What will you do if it's a girl?
...Natsumi...
Thanks. As for the rest of it...
Hayama, that was your birthday present, huh?
Y- yeah...
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
And our usual classroom...
...for two.
Mama is seriously nervous! My mother's mother is Mama's Mama.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
Oh, I don't have a dad!
Really, that's all there is to it.
Then, your mom has been single the whole time?
"The Summer of My Promise - Part I"
I thought you were only supposed to bring 500 worth of snacks.
You're going to write the whole book at once, right?
Sana, why does a girl like you...
Did you bring your hair dryer?
Who was that!? Who was it that said that just now!?
Principal, it's because you're so laid back that--
What kind of snacks did you bring?
The media will make a story out of Mama and me. But that's not the problem.
Y- you mean here...? It's kind of embarrassing, but...
 The bus is going-going, you're going-going too! 
 Fly, fly, outdoors! Fight, outdoors! 
You shouldn't be throwing your pill--
They're all still children, after all.
Guess I'll go to the bathroom.
Yo.
S- such children!
Your makeup fell off.
Then, can we join in on your banquet?
Sushi...
Principal! Do you think it's good for this school's educational policy
So, that's pretty good just by itself.
Pretty good, you say!?
to be friendlier with each other than is necessary is simply--
They'll turn out fine-fine.
 Friend-- 
Well, Sana-chan, you were absent 'cause of your outdoo-ah school,
No way! I never heard about this!
...correct!
It will turn out fine-fine.
Can anyone pass und-ah the height of this milk bottle?
Any way you look at it, her head should have gotten stuck!
...going to be violated!
You mean it, now?
Come to think of it, I was going to say something last night.
I'm not so good at it that I could act out my whole private life!
Maybe it does come into play a little bit.
Mm-hmm, about what?
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
...panic!!
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
so BOY, take a look my way!
Summer vacation! Summer vacation!
Here's your manuscript.
Be careful.
Mama...
That was back during the Edo period!
In your case, you really did choose dumplings over flowers.
Please let your father have some time to relax without your mother around.
Oh, right, the buses left here about 6:30,
First! Hailing from Kusatsu, in Gunma Prefecture, I am Okegawa Hachitaro.
Misako-san, you often played with him when you were both children.
The next gentleman.
The next gentleman.
Could the Madam just not wish to take over Kurata Inn?
I'm surprised you could get under there. I have to give you credit.
Rei-kun still doesn't have any idea what's going on.
Okay, one moment please.
This is delicious!
Me too.
Katagiri!
As you wish.
In that case, we'll challenge her to watch Sana-chan's commercial series next!
Americans, Indians, and even aliens!
Not at all. I'm not bothered one bit.
From now on, let's be closer with each other, okay, Sana-chan?
Mm-hmm, Grandma.
Grandma...
Hm? Who is that boy with the unusual aura coming off of him?
This is such a pleasure to meet you! I'm...
Tori?
It's not "almost as though", that's precisely what this is!
Mm-hmm! It's better to have lots of brothers and sisters, huh?
This is Hayama Akito. He's in the same class as me.
Wah! I missed it!
Those eyes... aren't human...
Huh? Him, a good boy?
right in the palm of your hand,
Mama said it earlier! She's her mother's daughter, all right.
Have I ever once been late with one of my manuscripts?
Mama went flying...
I'll think about it.
Here, you see, I've already started to study up on being a head clerk.
has to do her first kissing scene in a drama.
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
My beloved Mama is a novelist. The chipmunk on her head is Maro-chan.
My measurements are, starting from the top, 8-...
and go around advertising "Child's Toy."
Then, we're going to say "gotcha!" and run away!
Sorry.
I- it's just a rumor, so you don't have to concern yourself with it.
Little of this, little of that...
He has all three of the critical elements for getting girls!
Oh, there's a landmine right there, too.
"Save Rei-kun!!"
Let's tail Takuya-kun and Asako-san to find out the truth!
In any case, let's split up and stand watch.
Scatter!
They seem to really be getting along well. Over.
Oh, they're closing in.
They're closing in. Over.
Hey, what are they talking about!?
Begging your pardon, but would you please let us snap a two-shot of you?
What good will it do if you panic?
You really are good at giving reporters the slip, huh?
-- What will happen to Rei-kun, lu-lu-lu-lu? --I know I'm hearing a voice, like somebody is singing.
You mean here?
You are Sana's manager.
Yes...
I couldn't possibly be...
Right. She is an actress. One kiss scene won't... one kiss scene won't...
A kiss is all in a day's work for an actress.
No, no! I didn't do that! It was done to me!
The two of them are leaving the restaurant. Over.
Could we have a moment, please?
Um...
I trust you... I trust you... I trust you!
I'm home.
Welcome back. Where's Sagami-kun?
but I don't want to see you in any kissing scenes!
we might as well enjoy it with the full force of the big screen!
Kimuchi-kun...
I have a press conference to get to, so if you'll excuse me...
Can you see me? Can you see Babbit? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
I would like to announce to everyone that I am getting married.
My fiancee is someone famous for being the queen of quiz shows,
then I don't know what I was so worried about, do I? Do I? Do I?
to always go along with the scenario.
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
And our usual classroom...
And our usual classroom...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 31, the "Photos, Cooking, and Dinosaurs" saga,
and yet you always shilly-shally,
It gets harder after this.
--What do you mean, "love-love," you jerk!? --This late-night date between Kamura Naozumi-kun and Kurata Sana-chan...
What a shifty fellow! Show your face!
One of Kurata's classmates. I have others, too.
this will be a scoop!
Not without something definitive.
Safe driving?
Here's who I am. It's a pleasure.
Free entertainment reporter?
There's a different air about him now than there was before...
Yeah? Kurosaki-san, you have children?
No way! If I ate Zenjiro-san, I'm sure he would be yucky!
No, that was rough.
but that guy's pestering is too much for me!
or aftuh she stopped liking me,
Good morning!
but the anime on this morning was so amusing,
You did?
There is, isn't there? If it isn't Kamura-kun, then who? Hayama-kun?
Eh? A spare!?
Sana-chan is acting weird.
That's not so unusual, though.
Damn.
While all the rest of the world is in a tizzy over that picture of me and Naozumi-kun? I can't let my guard down!
He appears to be gone now. He's not that big a snake at all, is he?
Aah! Sana-fin! Aah! Sana-fin!
Akito, they've already hung up, but someone called for you.
Why would Rei-kun call me all the way out here?
Could I have a little of your time?
Oh, so you do know me.
but it is not to your credit.
What are you talking about? Morning tomato juice.
What?
If I were one of Sana's true fans, I would want to see her face like this.
Hmph, you're trying to sidestep the matter, but that won't work on me.
--I will tell Papa Hayama myself. --Sensei, you're going too far! That's crazy!
What was it like for your brother, growing up without a mother?
Maybe I'll go to your school tomorrow.
According to the personality assessment notebook, he may seem like a snake,
She's here!
Hayama...
Smells like something's burning.
"Just like Hayama's family"
Okay then, Sana-chan will work hard on cooking, too!
With this much, we can make Sana-chan style "Ofu-rench Toast"!
 Crack some eggs, too- 1, 2, 3, 
Okay, Shoko-chan, stir it up real good!
What are you doing here!?
even though your business might be to poke your nose into other people's dirty feet...
But will you at least let me say this much?
You don't say, you don't say.
Wasn't that incredible, Dad? We became friends with Sana-chan!
Nah, my old man is pretty carefree.
Those two youngsters...
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
The chipmunk on her head is Maro-chan.
Even so, right now, when I'm around him, I'm relaxed for some reason.
"Dad, You've Been Arrested"
Magical Electricity!!
in a shopping district near Negikubo Train Station in Matsunami Ward...
Responding to an investigation by the Matsunami police, Suspect Oki said...
...l was beside, standing, crying, laughing, boiling, and cooking myself!
Not really.
Not really?
Huh? What are you two both doing here?
Who would ever go on a date with this guy!?
There's no way that could be possible!
...piercings...
...he hated them.
Weird is fine, as long as he's not bothering anyone.
Um... um... um...
That's okay, you don't have to erase it.
...is somewhat similar to Tsuyoshi-kun's situation, so I was concerned.
and people say bad things about his family,
Tsuyoshi-kun! You can't die!
Are you sure, Brother?
Tsuyoshi-kun!
"Hold on, you're not thinking of dying, like in that drama, are you?
Anyhow, divorce is a situation between adults, right?
Huh? Your dad is being released tomorrow?
Look, just hand it over.
Oh yeah? I saw some kids like that out in front of the police station.
Mm-hmm! We'll go, too. Right, Hayama?
If you're going to go, then just go!
Go to him. Mom will be relieved if you do.
I'll be back later!
Probably because Tsuyoshi turned away from him.
Dad...
...going to go bald in the future, huh?
He will not go bald!
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
...panic!!
There is a deep, troubling gap between the boys and girls.
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
I was just telling Sana-chan what the current situation is.
What's going on? Are you goldbricking on cleaning again, Gomi-kun?
"Did you clean this? It's positively filthy!
That five-story pagoda...
It just has "Heart and Soul" written on it, right?
So, Hisae-chan and Gomi-kun called out to the others, and ultimately...
It turned into this, did it?
Didn't you hear me?
What are you, a cow?
If you've got something to say, then ba-ba-ba-bing, say it!
This is terrible. If this keeps up,
The traditional hairstyle is the man's romantic ideal!
Sensei, things are looking up.
What's wrong with the harmonica!?
 And let the boys do the cleaning! 
After you get married, you'll be the one left crying, Mitsuya-sensei.
I declare! To split the room in half and hold class like this is unprecedented,
I won't be beaten!
That goes for you, too! Ah, Kojima-kun, you're not wearing any underpants!
Kurata, you tricked me!
Well done, Kojima!
"The two of them walk a thorny path"
"The battle continues"
Hey, boys! Don't throw your garbage away over here!
Will you boys please throw away your own garbage?
Are you calling the spirit of Japan garbage!?
Mm-hmm.
It's not just inside the classroom, but out on the school grounds as well?
Hello, Sana-chan's school!
Well, you see...
Sana-chan, you mean the teachuhs at your school aren't hot for each othuh,
World's most contentious girls vs. boys-
When it comes to limbo dancing,
along with the ones who are said to be the woild's woist couple,
--...we'll be together! --...we'll be together!
At this point, it comes down to the final confrontation,
I love you, Mitsuya-sensei.
--Enough of this, you guys! This won't make for a good show! --Zenjiro-chan!
The 6th grade TV personalities at the height of popularity, Tobita Mayu-chan,
"Shorokutai"? What kind of naming is that? That's just nonsense.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
and yet you always shilly-shally,
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
My manager, Rei-kun.
Right, right.
Right, right.
so it's a match-up that would only happen once,
Suji-san, isn't it missing something?
Congratulations!
Shh! Not so loud! We're having a little trouble, you see...
He really is a lonely man.
Let me just say, we're only talking about within the anime!
You are the elduhly boss of Kodocha Inn here, right?
You're the one with the ability and the talent, after all.
Shooting on "Child's Toy" appears to have run long.
Oh, I didn't have time to fix it. Here, as a token of our friendship.
Will I be playing the heroine during the drama part of this special?
That's me.
What should we do for presents?
I heard him.
Say, if this is for Zenjiro-san, are there going to be a lot of performers there?
He said you'd be doing both the song and the dance
What about the heroine role in the drama?
Sana-chan!
Yes. We weren't in the same scene with each other,
In plain language, we'd call it yakimochi "jealousy".
Oh, hey, I'd love for you to come too, Mayu-chan.
and it says that they are completely incompatible, huh?
Great! Great! That's perfect!
No! No! Stop!
Would you take this more seriously?
Is that Zenjiro-san?
Nah...
She was here standing by just a moment ago.
This is a love-love comedy, with Mayu-chan and Naozumi-kun.
the taping of the Shorokutai special went on,
Yeah.
Is that the doll that was always exploding?
I'm as lousy at knowing where to draw the line as I am at doing math.
but still, I had a lot of fun in Shorokutai. Totally.
Mayu-san...
But you do, right?
-- You're the only middle-aged one here! 
Stop!
Mayu-chan...
You always...
-- those words are winning our hearts. 
-- that just means your alive. 
-- sparkling love will never come to you. 
For some reason, Mayu-chan looks that much more brilliant.
Not at all...
Kurata-san...
What is this!?
Still, it's pretty, huh?
Then, what is this?
Ooh... aah...
he's there.
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 35;
There Is a Reason For These Presents
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I always feel Relax,
The mysterious white bat straight man.
I'm telling you right now, Babbit is not a fox.
And this is Tsuyoshi-kun's younger sister, Aono-chan,
But... but they're going to be doing my homework!
"There Is a Reason For These Presents"
Are you sure it wasn't your imagination? Never mind that, let's get going.
Aya-chan made them for you, huh Big Brother?
Oh, did Sugita-san come over?
You got cookies from Sugita-san on your birthday this year.
N- nothing at all. I'm going to go on ahead, okay?
Teremi-chan, maybe?
It turns out that I really do like you, Tsuyoshi-kun.
Whoever else they may be in love-love with,
Yeah, but still, there's no way that Tsuyoshi-kun
I did use to like you, Sana-chan, but I'm over it.
...thanks to you, it returned with a vengeance.
Quite a spectacle.
Let's see... A space shuttle, maybe.
It's Zenjiro-chan!
Sane-yan, I can't see in front of me! Where's the ear!?
when they give him presents.
If they're giving you presents,
Tsuyoshi-kun already has kind and adorable Aya-chan for a girlfriend!
But Sana-chan, even if you drive this girl away from him this time,
Eh? Really? Not bad!
What an idiot!
Why, you!
They saw how, after I had given Tsuyoshi-kun that chocolate,
--Good morning.
Yes?
Here. Um...
and I've always thought that you're really great.
W- w- what should I do!?
I'm sorry. I already have someone I like.
Hold on there, you. You were just thinking of something bad, weren't you?
Sorry to keep you waiting, Tsuyoshi-kun. Shall we go?
...up to now, just for today,
She's my Grandma Shizuka, who runs a resort named Kurata Inn
Take Me To Kusatsu
I always feel Relax,
I'm Babbit.
Kurata Inn's second-in-charge and candidate for head clerk, Katagiri-san.
 Kusatsu is such a nice place, come on by at least once! 
I need to be prepared to become the head clerk at any time.
Oh! We're really here! It's Kurata Inn!
What are you so excited about?
Oh, this is the toothbrush that Suke-san used?
Yubatake is written like this.
Needless to say,
Forgive me for being such a selfish daughter.
Not at all, Misako-san. I'm sorry I couldn't offer any help.
Let's see... Nothing in particular right now...
That's not such a bad life, huh?
You're kidding! What are you doing here?
Now then, if we could ask Hayama Akito-kun's father
to please lead us in a toast...
 In business since the Edo period, even Mito Komon regularly stayed here! 
What would you say to coming back to Kusatsu and having us all live together?
Ah, how agonizing. I wish we didn't grow old.
Boss Kunisada is calling for the Mistress. What should I do?
Yow!
Must be a dog.
We just need to press a little more, huh Boss?
Careful there, little lady.
are still in grade school.
It's not too late for you kids living near Kusatsu, so rush on down!
Hot! Hot, hot, hot!
W- wait up!
--The letter "ha"?
Yes, indeed. How is the water?
What's that, there?
Mm-hmm. Listen, Mama, incidentally, has anything unusual been going on here?
Anything scary happening, or any scary faces?
Well... I won't say that I never will,
Mama!
If you sheath your swords and depart, it will be well with you.
Sana, Uncle Kunisada there was one of Mother's classmates
back in elementary school.
Please take care.
Now, to go back to Tokyo with a fresh attitude,
That's a secret.
If you're in Kusatsu, come on over to Kurata Inn!
That's a pretty underhanded thing to do!
I've been waiting for an answer.
he's there.
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
"Kiss! Fight! Karate and Trumpet"? I don't get it!
I always feel Relax,
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
The mysterious white frog straight man.
How nice for you to be in such high spirits.
Sensei...
Sensei!
Zing!
Mm-hmm! I'm looking forward to it, you know?
Why are you turning red, Kamura Naozumi?
I'm going to go buy a present for Aya-chan, so why don't you come with me?
Sana-chan, do you really feel that way about Hayama?
Are you seeing Sana-chan?
Yeah, on Hayama's present?
as well as... as well as...
That was something the girls told me was one-sided, on Hayama-kun's part.
Say something here, Akito-kun!
Do not look down on the trumpet!
Will this make it a three-way battle!?
Sensei, your manuscript!
You never told me! You never told me this commercial has a kissing scene!
"Oh, Vreneli"
Tarantaru loves Japan's anime and kappamaki sushi rolls!
--Can't you do something? --Mm-mm, I'm not listening.
...a pushy old hawker...
...a mysterious alien of the planet Harehore from points unknown...
but that was something one-sided that Hayama did on his own, after all.
Which kiss do you think is worth more?
P- Pop...
You're not upset about this?
Are you okay? Isn't doing a kissing scene kind of icky?
Hayama! What are you being destructive without any reason for!?
I'm Kurata Sana! I am not Sam!
Thank goodness! Sana-chan really does seem unfazed.
Listen up, now. Gangster Sana-chan, you come in with your henchmen in tow.
What do you want, calling me out here?
And?
You're an idiot. Idiot, idiot.
I give up!
I've been waiting for an answer.
...up to now, just for today,
he's there.
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I'm Kurata Sana,
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy.
G- good morning, Sana-chan.
I'm not.
What kind of book?
Five sun is about this long.
I invited Kamura Naozumi-kun to the party, too.
--Doesn't matter. --I'm still not yet completely sure he's coming, though.
Hey, Hayama!
And what's worse, now he's coming to the party.
Wow, nice!
Akito-kun, you don't have to stress so much over this!
Still, I can't give her anything with lousy taste.
What is it you're looking for?
"RRRRRRR"
This? This would be great!
I know! A brassiere!
But I don't know her size.
You were serious, Akito-kun?
Thank heavens! Oh, thank heavens!
Let's throw a party.
Goods to change me into Santa-san. I borrowed them from my company.
Never mind!
Rei-kun! We need one more chair here!
--The "ukarere." --That's "ukulele"!
Ah, Asako?
There's going to be all you can eat, and a ton of girls are coming.
I have plans every year on Christmas Eve.
My mind was swayed a little because of your invitation, Sana-chan,
Dinnuh? Okay! Okay! Uh-huh! Okay! I did it!
--you get both merry and happy- --You talk too much.
--Whoa, it's cold out here. Someone let me in. --"Processed meat," huh?
Hayama...
Hey, what's the matter? Say something.
Hey, now, let's just get back to the party.
I heard about it from Tsuyoshi-kun.
I'm glad you had trouble making up your mind,
Knowing Sana-chan, she's sure to be thrilled with whatever you get her.
We wish you good cheer!
For me?
 tonight we sing to you "Merry Christmas." 
Take this!
Do you think it's alright to just come into someone else's home without asking?
Well, I don't care, I don't care! You must be hungry, huh?
How can you pop in during a scene like this?
Sana-chan is a little bit- no, make that fairly dense.
Yeah.
Thank you for your hospitality!
What are you doing?
What?
If you love her,
Bankrupt!?
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
is being moved to the episode after the next one.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
it's time to get out of there!
Now he's working his way to becoming a fantastic manager.
Then Sana-chan fought him head-on, and scored a great victory!
 Thoroughly refreshing outdoor school! 
How come Hayama is the only one who noticed?
Mama... Mama... might just hate me!
At least, that's what I think, from the way you played my pretend mom.
Oh, I don't have any idea--
Sensei, if there's going to be a terrible commotion
Did I mention my dad got out of the hospital the day before yesterday?
Her husband will have to marry into her family.
"I've done this great thing" the way you do.
Hayama...
I know this can't be easy for him...
I saw it! I saw it! I saw it! Hayama is embarrassed!
W- what's the deal with you!? You were crying just a moment ago!
You're a pest!
All right, now I'm getting into this!
 Hold it, hold it, Hayama! Smile one more time! 
-- Come on! Come on! Dance! --Geez, what a pest!
-- One-two, one-two! --Cut it out!
 Look over here for me! Smile for me! 
--I was so happy to see Hayama smile for the first time, --Smile, Hayama! Come on! Come on!
--I didn't even notice the swarm of fireflies --Ha ha ha! Wait up! Wait up!
W- what?
"If you feel like crying, come find me."
I'm taking swimming lessons at school!
--Then there's rehearsals for the play we're putting on at Komawari. --Tom!
Gateball! Not this time, though.
The commercials I shot last month all started appearing on TV,
but we can still see you on TV!
I wonder if he's like the ones in girls' manga,
She said your hiney will melt away.
Ta-da! Well? How do you like my commercial costume?
Yeah, that we are, but we...
as you'd expect of Komawari!
--Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm Kamura Naozumi. --Stop me!
--Start! --and has appeared in several other things, I'm sure of it.
he's there,
Oh, well, it's summer vacation, it's summer vacation!
it will pound over something even bigger!
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
For example, something like this.
What is this!?
...quite nice, maybe.
Mama is probably just on one of her usual jungle expeditions.
--Must be tough, being a 6th grade TV personality and princess and all, huh? --Hey! How can you carry me like this! Is this any way to treat a princess!?
I'm home.
Well, I've got Asako, and all...
Rei!
Oh, a giraffe-moth...
A lion-moth...
Amazing, Sana-chan! You got the whole flock at once!
--I'm scared! --You've got some nerve!
But Sana-chan, aren't you getting dizzy?
T- that's because we had on airbags.
However, people appear to dislike me now, because of my scales.
I heard it split his butt.
There now, Haya-moth.
I'm Tsuyo-moth.
Like this. Left and right sides balanced and at the same time.
It's only me and my copies that release scales.
Haya-moth!
I forgot!
Those who are put under spells by gods become immortal.
Hey, I said wait up!
"Sana, in a fight, winning is all that matters. Winning."
No matter how hard it is for you, you have to go on living!"
I've been waiting for an answer.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
it's time to get out of there!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
You can't use it.
That's just a supermarket receipt, so it doesn't have any bearing.
Which explains why the gentlemen from the tax office
 I was the guarantor on the loan, 
This is no time to be explaining things in song.
It's fate. This is all fate.
Evicted?
Shimura-san...
We'll be able to see each other again soon, right?
You brought your Norinori machine, huh?
The images are starting to come forward!
and the new school term started.
Rumors spread quickly, huh?
Good morning!
Ah, you're alive!
Boy, these hassaku oranges are delicious, huh?
I- is that true, Sana-chan? Why did that happen? Aah, poor Sana-chan!
Huh? Am I the only one who didn't know?
You knew?
Listen, you can use these, Sana-chan.
Oh, thanks! Grateful, grateful!
It looks like she doesn't have anything.
It's not all that serious.
I knew it.
Sure.
Sana-chan!
 First there comes a mountain, and then, 
 water comes splashing down from it. 
 It's time for gym, so bring out the vaulting boxes. 
 Rice cake, bump, bump, line, line, triangle, 
Still, there must be a lot of inconveniences, right?
If there's anything I can do for you, feel free to ask.
They did eat it!
Hayama!
They pasted these slips of paper on?
You were hiding?
Nope.
The power has been shut off, so it's probably ruined.
Yikes!
Hey, you! This place is off-limits!
Now, see here! This is no place for children to be playing!
--Hey! You can't play with the things in this house! --What do we do now? We run away now.
T- that, either... that, either!
--Did you get them taken? --Mm-hmm. Thanks.
It's not as though you've lost everything.
I'm glad this wasn't a dream. Just by being alive, I'm razoring it in!
Okay, now to work like crazy, take on a whole bunch of good jobs, and razor it in!
and then later comes the whimpering,
Mou man tail
Use those New Year's gifts wisely, now!
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
My Aoki award-winning novelist Mama, and her chipmunk, Maro-chan.
The mysterious white bat straight man, Babbit.
"He Got Me Blacklisted"
--The variety specials were all suddenly cancelled, too, --for the rest of my life!
Ah, what on earth am I supposed to do?
I did it, all right!
Nothing doing!
Actually...
Put your hand over your heart and think hard.
There's something strange going on.
That's it! Tsu-san! Tsu-san! This is perfect!
No, no, the name is Akudo lzo.
Dreaming Pro?
However, the situation is a little bit different now, is it not?
will fall out of the public eye,
--Seconds! --Seconds!
--Seconds! --Seconds!
Is this Rei-kun's bowl?
water comes splashing down from it.
and draw in the eye like an arrow.
This is the Sana-chan drawing song!
raindrop with a heart in it, draw the wings,
and it's Babbit!
--Aw, thank you! --He's angry!
"Child's Toy"? Ah, now that you mention it,
What do you say, Sana-chan, won't you join us?
P- panda glasses?
Sagami-chan, I'm sorry, maybe next time.
I'm home.
You haven't given it any serious thought, have you, Sana-chan?
This works out perfectly! I was just thinking,
Yeah! It seems longer than it has been, but I'm in your debt!
Yeah, yeah, you are in my debt!
Rei-kun?
Over a barrel?
so that you would be lured to join their company! These guys are awful!
Sounds like fun. I'll go with you.
President, are you sure this thing with Sana-chan is going to work?
I wonder what Sana-chan is doing right now.
I'm beaten!
You used dirty tricks to divide me and Rei-kun,
Yeah, okay, Sana-chan.
Sana-chan... Sana-chan...
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you sing this song, your worries will go
The Delirious Nick-of-Time Deadline
The mysterious white bat straight man, Babbit.
Good morning!
Composition?
Let's see, when was that deadline? The essay deadline...
Wow, it's all of 9.57 cm!
Say, what are you going to do, Sana-chan?
or a great demon king ghost were to descend from the skies,
That's right! I could do that!
Ordinarily, I wouldn't be.
Now that it's clean, the work can go forward.
I'm okay, I'm okay!
The mandarin orange box is dirty!
Ah, this takes me back! This is the album from when I was in 2nd grade!
I want to eat ramen.
Well, I'm brushing my teeth and going to bed.
Sana-chan...
Huh!? The president of Drea-Pro!?
What a dirty bastard.
That was the last thing I wanted to hear, sir.
It would be impossible for a normal human to go to school
 I am worn out from work... 
You don't say, you don't say.
There's no reason why the strain on her won't continue
Ho ho ho, you are a sneaky, nasty man beyond any help!
Doesn't it wear you out?
Especially nowadays, my neck is stiff, and I have finger calluses.
I've gotta write, I've gotta write...
Why are you working so hard on it?
and there's no way I want to let myself be beaten by their dirty tricks!
Still, there's more to parents and children than blood relations.
I... I...
B- but...
Hurry up and go to work!
just me and my warm futon...
This is no time to be thinking about that! Work! Work!
You dumbass! You good-for-nothing!
It's always the same old nonsense,
and then later comes the whimpering,
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
When you sing this song, your worries will go
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
Oh, no!
so after I put you to bed,
Sana-chan, you're safe? Man, I rang your Burutcha over and over!
Take-chan, this one, this one.
slept for hours at that man's house,
you finally come wandering in at this hour.
This morning, there is sensational news that child TV personality...
It's not "Takefumi," it's "Takeshi," for crying out loud...
Hi! Good morning! Thank you for coming here for such an absurd scoop!
Nope. Take-chan, your same old magic tricks get 0 points.
"Margarine"? Does she mean "My darling"?
Ah, that's it, huh?
--Good night! --All done?
I'm worried about your future if you go to Jinbo Middle School, Shinichi-san.
Remember, Shinichi-san, you're going to Kaimei Middle with your brother.
Catch you later, Gomi-kun!
Hayama-san...
It's hard to focus on graduation, huh?
But today we have something we need to
Father Mk II! Want to borrow him when I'm done?
Well, about that incident...
My, my, Zen-chan said that about me?
Achoo! I nevuh said anything!
You're going to test for Kaimei Middle School, right?
If he tests for another school, then even if he is rejected,
he will forfeit his eligibility to advance to Jinbo Middle School.
Shinichi-san!
You don't appear to realize how important this Guidance meeting is,
What for?
You guys really do think a lot of your teachuh.
Take-chan is not a codger!
They are out there, after all-
Okay, scene 8!
Sana-chan, you're warm, too. We might just melt away...
Oh? Is he really that smart?
Not really.
Sushi here!
so resolve when to give up
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanaym
Hayama wasn't the one who spread it around about you!
Oh, but Gomi-kun just keeps sticking his feet even deeper into the swamp.
I always feel Relax,
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
My beloved Mama is a novelist.
I tell you, I tell you! Something happened!
 and girls have roads that they go down. 
Sagami-kun! You say something to her, too!
--If you want to make noise, make it out there! --Asako, I love you! Aah!
No, don't just say "that's nice," Dad!
My brother is eating sushi with his face covered,
Any Japanese person would be bowled over!
--No, no, no! Not only does he --Aren't you going to eat your sushi?
Sana-chan, we watched it!
You did, huh? You watched it? Watched what?
Take-chan?
By any chance?
Hayama?
...was once Shinichi-kun's father's homeroom teacher.
But an entrance exam is an entrance exam. They won't let him in for nothing,
it'll be impossible for you to get into Kaimei Middle.
Y- yes.
Gomi!?
What an alarming situation!
--I heard Hayama-san was caught shoplifting! --Have you heard?
Did you shoplift anything?
But then, what is a bald face? What is a brazen? I'm not sure, but ooh!
The fact remains that an incident of shoplifting did take place!
by saying "it'll all turn out fine-fine."
It's about time you took a breather and had some lunch.
Tsubasa-kun, shoot!
that you were testing for Kaimei Middle, Gomi,
What!? You mean, Hayama-san wasn't the one who told everyone!?
It wasn't Hayama-san!
If saying that I didn't do it doesn't do any good...
Hello, Shinichi!? You can hear me, can't you? Your father is busy.
Aw, he got mad at me.
You stood up for Shinichi right up to the end,
As his father, it is difficult for me to face you.
we enrolled him into Jinbo Elementary, with its escalator system.
I'm sure you must have been quite concerned about your son, Hayama-san.
Zenjiro-chan, you've got a 100-hour wait.
--"Aah!?" --"Aah!?"
Why, you! You thinking of turning your back on us!?
H- Hayama-san, is that?
What was that thing!?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye Bye
it's all "waah!" over here,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apzfl
and that's Jinbo Elementary, 6th Year, 3rd Class! That's the truth.
Love just doesn't suit our class.
Is this bunch capable of celebrating Valentine's Day?
it's time to get out of there!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
When Sana-chan made her remarks about Gojo-san, Hisae-chan was like...
toward this guy playing tennis here.
Love! Love! Love!
Or, in Japanese, "honoji."
That's right, there's always that, huh? Kurata!
Ah, it's Kurata-san.
Aah, Akito-kun!
"Zenjiro's Child's Toy"
What are the dirty hands for?
I've limited it to one person this year.
All right!
Naozumi-kun, you're going to get three whole truckloads from your fans, after all.
Well, I've got a drama taping with my boyfriend now, so bye-bye!
Looks like Take-chan isn't here yet, huh?
Okay!
Okay, okay! We can do it without Take-san!
Get set!
This is bad!
"Oh" nothing!
...I've never seen anything through to the end.
Long ago...
Someone very dear to me.
...left her behind, and went to America all alone.
And so, both of us were hopeless.
Uh, excuse me, Studio crew...
--Sana-chan, this is it. --Oh, it's better to draw the body
Due to a malfunctioning signal, this train will remain stopped for a brief time.
Sana-chan!
Oh, this? Chocolate!
Huh? I thought you had given up random acts of chocolate.
I learned that just one piece of chocolate
Wouldn't that be pointless?
Everyone read it!
"Gnileef dab a tog evi."
I've got a bad feeling.
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
When you sing this song, your worries will go
so resolve when to give up
Mou man tail
Oh, I'm not going to be all that active next time.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
And so, Sana-chan's first essay, the one that had everyone's hearts tightly wound...
...as she barely made her deadline, is finally on sale!
She's worked hard, undaunted by Drea-Pro's efforts to obstruct her.
This isn't a bargain banana sell-off, you know.
Wow, it was so interesting, really!
when you foist met Zenjiro-sensei,
Ah, are you Hisae-chan? I can tell. You're in the essay.
Yes. I am the one you just got through introducing-
Uh, now let's hea-uh from Sana-chan about how she sees her classmates.
Okay, well, like I laid out in my essay,
Mami-chan...
The truth is, Sana-chan didn't write a single thing
Huh? She was crying?
I've got to go talk to her! Go to Mami-chan's house!
Rei-kun, I'm going to work after all!
 Faltering and fretting, too-la-loo-la-loo. 
It looks like Mami-chan is fairly bummed out
Huh?! A bib!?
--I wish I could stay like this a little bit longer. --Huh? It fell?
You want to use it, don't you?
The typical Sana-chan would dash over to Mami-chan's house,
"I can't hold on to these worries overnight, heh heh heh!"
I'll be back later.
Would you care for a bento?
Who is that pushing its button?
Miracle ball!
Whoa, now, you won't beat me!
Ha ha ha! Not exactly Konishiki, my little Mainoumi!
I really have become snowbound disaster victim C.
Maybe I'll stay here with you, Take-chan, for the rest of my life.
Sure. Let's stay here for the rest of our lives.
but she was absent from that, too.
So, I'm okay now.
Sorry. You must have felt pretty embarrassed buying me panties, huh?
That was all your strength then, too.
Yes, Kurata speaking.
No, I didn't do anything. Goodbye.
You mean, boyfriend!
Yoo-hoo, Sana-chan!
Oh yeah?
Mami-chan, um... you know what?
Sana-chan, it's okay!
--I'm sorry. --I'm sorry.
Ah, that was a suspenseful one, huh?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality
What do I do? What do I do?
When I thought about spending the rest of my life with you, Take-chan,
that's what suddenly happened.
--I'm sorry. --I'm sorry.
"Under the Same Roof With You"
A tragic sight to behold.
Sana-chan!
She has one?
I got us a hotel room, so we should be okay staying at the hotel for a little while.
Ah! That's her tour of European hot spring spas!
You're reading too much into it.
Call up Asako-san,
and the two of you go to dinner, and have a nice long chat or something.
I guess I could do that...
Please don't worry, I will accept the responsibility for looking after Sana-chan.
Without very many lines to say, lately, his mouth has fallen out of practice,
Zenjiro-sensei, are you playing a bronze statue?
Why men?
Mm-hmm, it's good for your health.
Why, you, Take-chan!
It doesn't matter, as long as it's interesting!
--I think I'll look into it some more. --Are you listening to me, Kurosaki!?
What's so great about this old guy?
Stick a second one on top of it,
And it's the man that Sana-chan has fallen in love with.
There are old newspapers left next to the entrance, so don't trip over them.
Come on in! Don't let all the grime surprise you, okay?
Come on, Sana-chan.
Meat! Meat! Meat! Where's the meat!?
W- we have to eat this?
Sure! Come again, okay?
See you later.
Of course we did.
Sensei!
I meant your tattling on her will not do. You, you.
Sensei!
My enjoyable new house!
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
so resolve when to give up
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
"Kodomo no Omocha"
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
Back when I ran away before, I couldn't come back on my own.
Keiko?
Gojo Takeshi is... Sana's true father?
This house is put together more cheaply than I expected.
--If you please! --Yes, who is it?
Click...
Yes, step right up and see for yourself, here are the pictures that prove it!
At the time, there was a woman that Gojo Takeshi was seeing.
And there is no question that the one who Gojo-san was seeing was...
Sana-chan, it's time! Sana-chan, it's time! Sana-chan, it's time!
That dummy has the nerve to call me forgetful!? That jerk!
He suddenly disappeared, without even saying goodbye.
--What is the meaning of this? --Come on, Take-chan, hurry, hurry.
Shimura-san, make some yummy food for him, okay?
Who's that, now?
--Good fortune comes
They're perfectly matched.
-- If nothing would happen, --The folks in this house can't
Sana here!
Say, Take-chan, they said they were going to do physical exams
Why would you ask such a question, Doctor?
That's what we call "hitting on someone"!
Okay then...
--Hear that? --Yeah, you even rattled my brain cells.
You're right. This is all thanks to you, Sana-chan.
"Kirishima Hospital"
Dad!
That's quite a racket, huh?
Sensei! Are you sure we should be letting him stay here like this?
Never mind. That man will not be staying with us long. I can guarantee you that.
Take-chan? Take-chan? Take-chan, get up. Take-chan!
and your body will be healthy,
No... Take-chan...
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
What do you mean, you know my secret?
while we were shooting that ice cream commercial,
Let it pass, okay!? See? I'm begging you! Please, officer! Please, officer!
I heard it was on the news at the time.
That's right! Next month, people everywhere are going to know about it.
And what were you going to do with it? Eh?
Still, I can use this. I'll make a memo of this.
Never mind the details, just look.
Yes. I always carry these around with me.
As long as she's dressed like this, Sana is going to dance.
What's the story with that boy, really? He said he had the same past that I did.
Right.
 I'll let my precious head rest as much as I can. 
I'm not allowed to reveal the content of anything until it is published!
You want to start talking...
"If Sana-chan can get through whatever problem she's facing right now,
I'm sending you a ticket, so come see the play we're putting on! --Sana."
Is that right? She's busy, huh?
Just a second...
That's the boy, Akito-kun!
We're friends of Sana-chan!
Then again, maybe she acts more child-like when she's on TV.
Which one?
Just between us, she's even kissed him, huh?
Yep. More like she was kissed, though.
Oh, I can't hear this thumping!
The excitement and the pounding of the heart!
Oh, you mean swallowing a person! I know it, I know it!
Sana-chan will be playing the part of this Eucie, right?
Did you hear that? He spoke Japanese.
the power her astute manager has, is strong.
--You mean Sunglasses? --Tsuyoshi-kun!
Hayama said hello to me! On top of that, he even bowed!
All right, now to give it my all!
Eucie-sama! Eucie-sama!
Oh? What do you mean, "Mistah"? I'm Zenjiro! The Zenjiro on TV!
The play continues!
even when it is difficult, and even when it hurts.
That's a button shaped like Babbit. What do you think? Pretty nice, huh?
Akito-kun, what are you doing!?
Don't rub my head.
It's over. The play... summer vacation...
"Back against the wall."
so BOY, take a look my way!
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Ah, What a Surprise! Mama's Book
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
then it's going to end for them like this, without them knowing anything!
Boo on you too, Pops!
Maybe you're right.
Do not go near those two for a while.
Really? That's terrific.
I guess.
W- what is it?
I can't fold up that many of them, so I combined them all into one!
Boom!
Hurry and get better, okay?
That would be a dream.
Your daughter should go to school!
You know, for some reason, as I wear these costumes day after day,
Yet it always seems to come down to this punchline, huh?
Why!? Why!? Why does Take-chan die!?
You were praising him for getting so much better, weren't you!?
No! Tsu is an idiot! He's a lowlife!
She kissed me! It's been so long since she kissed me on the cheek!
Oh, there's a firm subtitle.
You should put your stake in the Golden Drama.
that it would be the best thing for you to do, Take-chan.
I think I'm really starting to feel like working!
It took you long enough, Take-chan! Of course you do!
Stay with me forever.
Huh? That's not very funny.
 There is no end to the days we call tomorrow. 
-- We're together today, -- We're together today, 
Seems like I've seen that guy before...
Pleased to meet you.
That's my job.
Now, would you tell me what you are thinking right now?
I'm thinking that this sort of thing does happen.
She's beyond extraordinary. I can't even put it into words.
She's the one who suggested that I should get plenty of rest now,
She's an incredible girl.
You're going to die, and leave things unfinished!
Yeah, okay, I guess you're right.
Huh? Really?
Yes. It seems so dumb.
Start!
Start!
Ooh, I'm going to cry!
Take-chan?
No... Take-chan...
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
and then later comes the whimpering,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
Cu: your heart will be carefree,
so resolve when to give up
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
--I mean, am I right? Sure I am. --Mm-hmm. It must have been a shock for her, all right.
Thank you for dinner.
I know you made it for me, but my appetite seems to have gotten lost.
Wow, that was a convincing fake death!
There on that veranda, with a nighttime view.
It really was fun, Take-chan.
 Don't give in, fight on, poppy-pop-pop-pop! 
Don't dance in the car!
and anyone who might be eligible for his wife ran away from him!
This gentleman is a producer-
--I don't care! --What!?
Allow me to do the "Shaky I'm Sorry Dance" to apologize!
It's my fault! I don't know what I did, but I'm sure it's my fault!
Why are you crying, Tsuyoshi-kun? You're making Babbit-
All right, let's use that super-shaking vibrating machine!
Take-chan...
--Huh? Sana-chan?
Always!
I wonder if the buses are running.
I- it can't be...
Y- yeah...
I took her to the base of the mountain, but beyond that...
Young boys and girls, twangy twangy twang!
Earlier, I dropped that girl off just a little bit farther ahead.
T- then...
Where am I?
That couldn't be...
This thing fell down over there.
No! I'm staying here with Take-chan!
I'm sorry, Take-chan. I have to... I have to...
Let go! We're falling!
Uh, people of the village, I'm terribly sorry for all the commotion.
--Sana? She wouldn't be? --As you can see,
So many... so many other people... saw Take-chan...
I'm okay.
--Hmm, there might indeed be some truth to that. --Bye.
--Even in middle school, those two... --Fix it! Tearfully fix it!
--...probably won't change. --Hey, hold it! Get over here, you!
It's fine.
It's always the same old nonsense,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I always feel Relax,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
We don't have much time, so how about we get started?
and that is because of Sana-chan and... uh... what was his name again? Um... uh...
Well, let's start with what it was that got their romance, if you'd call it that, started.
Mm-hmm, I'm sure that was it.
I- I really meant for nothing bad to happen to you, see?
it will make you feel better,
Y- you dirty letch!
Sneak, speak.
Friendship! Isn't that a nice word, Akito-kun?
Say, Akito-kun, let's both help Sana-chan, too!
There was one still left in my desk.
Y- you can't... hey, you can't! What are you planning to do with that!?
you'll do as I say.
--Where could Akito-kun have gone? Why would he- --Why, Hayama!?
Mitsuya-sensei said you didn't have any more reason to act out.
You can tell your big brothuh here, right? Tell me, okay?
Oh! I knew it! Boy A!
Shut up! I never told any lies!
Let go of me, would you!?
Make-out!?
I- I've become like the despised teacher in a young adult drama...
Sensei, we love you! Sensei!
I know this is sudden, but here's a Sana-chan drawing song.
 Then we stick six beans on. 
 This is the Sana-chan drawing song! 
Those two... those two... those two's friendship...
This certainly is a thorny path. Ow!
...and you, more than anything, Aya-chan...
That goes double for you, Girl B...
What are the grade school kids these days thinking?
Nope.
Ease your body into it,
So that's why...
it appears to be cooling off for the moment.
--held by Kamura Naozumi-kun a little past 9 o'clock last night. --Kamura?
Soon after I was born, I was abandoned in front of a nursing home,
named Kamura Academy.
W- what? Him, too? Hey...
with the place that took Sana-chan in for a month?
I ask you to please leave Sana-chan alone.
more as just friends than you'd think, doesn't she?
-- Zen-chan... -- and Sane-yan's... 
-- chaka-poko-rin! 
Mm-hmm. Oh, is he planning to play his trumpet next?
-- Chaka-poko, chaka-poko, 
Mayu-chan...
What was that?
Hey! It looks like you're having fun without the main character!
I'm coming, too!
For me?
Mm-hmm. I spend Christmas Eve at Kamura Academy.
Anyhow, Sana-chan, we have a present for you from all of us.
-- To those who are happy, 
-- May this night 
-- be filled with hopes and dreams, 
What are you doing?
--the two of us will always be together.
--Say, does anyone know any pretty goils?
--They seem to be enjoying themselves, huh? --Sure do.
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
"The Best Friend I Met In the Restroom"
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
Because today I'm starting my first year of junior high!
Look!
How can you act like this in front of the TV viewers and say such harsh words!
Wearing her school uniform, she's still...
Today, I'm gonna become a Jinbo middle school first year student.
I'm attending an escalator school where most kids come from its own...
Today we came to do a surprise interview with you!
This morning I went to the hair salon and cut a whole 5 mm.
You can't even decide how to cut your own hair!
- Who's that? - Eh? Gomi-kun?
- You cut it like a monk. - That's true.
Hey, what class are you in?
I brought my camera too.
Yes! Sana here!
I thought you looked a lot like her, but I didn't think you were really her.
It can't be true. where did you hear this?
This is also the first time I heard of it. My name is Matsui Fuka.
Now that would be interesting!
To all the new students, welcome to Jinbo Middle School!
Those graduated from Jinbo Elementary School must be fairly surprised.
Excuse me, please find the differences between the two. I'll give you 15 seconds.
Really?
Ah... Sana, so go ahead and sign it. Sorry I have such a big mouth.
Please be a little more calm.
Before exiting the stage, take a bow.
Liar!
No, no, no, only a friend and mortal enemy! I'm gonna introduce you to him.
- Looks like fun! - Let's go look!
part b
Out of my way!
I think Hayama's getting stronger.
Looks like he's just playing.
Hey bushy eyebrows and no eyelashes...
- His eyebrows are so thick! - His nose is bleeding so much!
Hey, you're Sana-chan's friend, aren't you? I've seen you talk to her.
Where do you have the energy to annoy me?!
Not really.
Fuka Matsui backwards.
Everyone calls her Fuka.
I'm glad for you.
This kid sleeps really deeply.
Fuka... hmm... Fuka...
Sana? Why don't I see anybody?
Meet my friend...
Matsui Fuka-chan.
How do you do?
Because of you...
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2Bye Bye Bye
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Get away, bra-less.
How can it have ruined your life? That's ridiculous.
You're the one who's ruined me!
Wait up! Aki!
Aki caught me off guard then and suddenly kissed me!
- People talk about that there, right? - Yeah...
It's so sad! I feel so bad for you!
In these 3 years, I will get my revenge.
It's because she had someone she liked at another school.
Sure, but I bet you can't do it!
- Aki, where are we going? - Don't worry about it.
What? What?
I haven't started acting yet! That was just a prologue!
Wait, let me talk some more before the curtain closes!
Hayama...
Then what?
Hey, bra-less!
then add two of the wooden horses...
So quickly, you're already showing your arrogance.
Forgive him...
A waste of my effort...
I hoped you wouldn't cause problems...
Akito-kun, you idiot!!!
That's really nice of you.
Akito-kun won't be in any clubs either because he has karate.
What is it?
Wait, we'll get black listed by the teachers!
I'm gonna forget him!
Alright, Fuka! Start doing exercises!
- Hurry up! - Run faster! What'll we do?
The script will be done in three days.
They only decided to cast me five days ago.
The same annoying Aki as before.
Is that okay?
Hayama is scary? Scary? Why?
Hmm? What's up?
But when he was in elementary school, girls did hate him as if he was a hairy caterpillar!
What...
If you're gonna refuse, why can't you be a little nicer?
That poor girl is crying!
You have a point there too.
Let go of me.
That Hayama. He makes a lot of sense.
It's all crazy over there,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
so just keep going unlike this,
blur2
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2yoyuu shaku shaku de itsumo
Growing up, growing up...
Even the deadpanned face of Hayama can't get by her unnoticed.
Sana being clueless about love hasn't changed.
Going on a trip, trip...
Will there be Koala bears?
Koala-kun, we're here.
I'm dizzy.
Hey, Akito-kun...
I won't let you mess it up, Hayama!
See, it's bloody. It's starting...
To everyone that's eating, sorry.
Nice shot.
Listen! No feeding your lunches to the animals...
Sana... lt's a weasel.
After getting to junior high, their relationship has gotten more serious.
Sana? Sana, where are you?
Did I interrupt you guys?
You know him?
Really?
Akito-kun, did you meet up with...
You're so worried about Hayama-kun. You're so considerate.
I've had enough of you two getting so lovey lovely.
Yeah, that would be scary.
No way, there aren't any lions, right?
It was a co-worker's idea.
Don't face your butt towards me... hey, hey...
To the people who are eating, sorry.
Akito-kun, did you get to talk with Sana-chan?
I heard Sana-chan has a press conference tomorrow.
You and Sana-chan aren't in the same class.
right?
Huh, it's this! This looks really tasty.
Give it back!
Give me back my octopus sausage! Give it back!
the problem lies with Sana-chan being really clueless about love.
If you have something to say, hurry up!
Hayama's feelings?
That's right, his feelings for Sana-chan... he likes you.
He didn't say it out loud but I know he does...
Sana-chan, stop this and be more serious...
I don't have confidence when it comes to love.
even if I think he likes me, I could be mistaken again...
But... I can't tell the difference between friendship and love...
Right, right...
Akito-kun's feelings? Haven't you noticed how he feels about you?
Don't be so angry.
All my efforts for Sana-chan are wasted!
Bye Bye Bye
When you sing this song, your worries will go
blur2yoyuu shaku shaku de itsumo
Use some insecticide, kill all mosquitoes.
However, since this movie is shot from Nazoumi-kun's point of view...
Scared yet?
Next, we want to ask the director Ono Mikio a few questions.
It could go on until the summer break.
If that's the case, she may have to be held back.
...we won't be able see much of each other...
...but she can't even go...
Hey, it's Tsuyoshi-kun.
Yeah, looks like she's really busy.
Like this.
...it seems so sudden.
Something like that... no way.
Telling a girl things like that... it's embarrassing.
No, Akito-kun, you're just weird when it comes to some things.
show yourself!
Yeah, I'm leaving next week.
Sorry I kept you waiting, Fuka.
Yours looks good, what are you having?
Fuka, it's not like I'm going to an uncivilized tropical island.
It's Hayama?!
It's so sudden.
Right, Akito-kun?
Karate practice? Akito-kun, wait a minute!
Hayama?
What's this?
I have an emergency, Babbit is leaving early, bye.
Please don't bleed...
I love you!
...and it was on the last press conference.
I guess I don't have any another excuse...
I just told the biggest lie in my life.
...we won't be able see much of each other...
Why do you have scratches on your hand?
Babbit is preparing too. I'm busy, very busy.
Hello, Aya-chan?
Excuse me, please stop the bus for a second!
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you sing this song, your worries will go
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
Wai Wai Wai Wai
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2egipito kidori de sufinkusu
blur2watashi no kodo ni kimetetene
Hayama Akito, a passionate lone wolf, also my best friend.
Maybe you're right.
Kurata.
Huh? What do you want to tell me?
I'll look forward to hearing it, Hayama.
Nice to meet you.check
Does he want us to try to call her?
The lake!
We will shoot the movie here, right? This is so cool!
Sana-chan's position in show biz is very special.
When you are hungry, eat anything you can find.
Right, turn into a beast at any woman you see.
Sana-chan...
You can't afford to lose to Naozumi-kun here.
Sagami-san.
- Eh? Is it time? - Screen test is going to start.
If you're like this, they are going to think Naozumi-kun is better than you.
Ah?! That's great, I'm relieved.
Let's go, if you stay here too long a bear might come out.
I'm in trouble if a bear comes out.
Ah! A bear!
May I speak with you?
What do you want to say?
You will too.
Strong...
Where am I?
Cut.
Maeda-san, I...
Hehe, now they're starting to understand Sana-shan's strength.
What? What?
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Sana, we're going shopping. Do you want anything?
How have you been... No such thing...
What was that about?
So I want you to come with me...
It's your fault... He told me he likes me, but made another girlfriend...
Are you feeling well?
Is it so lonely? Why can't they tolerate loneliness...?
Why don't you just let go of your pride and go by yourself?
I'm relying on you!
Pretend...
Akito-kun, I'm a little worried...
Good morning!
...I'll keep it.
I know... don't bow.
Fuka!
Fuka hasn't changed a bit!
Here! Here!
But... why...
He still likes you, doesn't he?
I'm hungry... Let's find a place to rest.
Honkonomiaki!
I want to eat Katsu-don.
Others are fine.
That's also the steak!
You both have someone else now so you should be able to speak normally...
Then the rumor about a boyfriend...
Kurata Sana, I like her too!
...even when you and him were good friends...
Yeah, it's a mad passionate love like a flame!
Where's Shizu-chan? If you don't look after her she'll get lost...
There's nothing...
It's ok.
I can't help myself... to speak it aloud is kind of embarrassing...
Because of you, I didn't feel as bad as I should.
But that girl is hard to understand...
It's a postcard sent by Sana-chan.
Sana-chan, the stars are very pretty.
and then later comes the whimpering,
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2chikyuu ha GYAK-KAITEN
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
I always feel Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
Really? Is it really over?
You're not important to me anymore.
That hurt.
Break!
Sana-chan.
I'm sorry I said those things.
It's quite a task to make a special visit into the mountains.
You look like you're feeling pretty well.
I really do like her.
Kurumi-san!
Did he say anything?
Did something happen, Asako-san?
Don't tell anyone!
I didn't think Asako-san would've been the leader!
Maybe that's the trend.
Do you understand child's love? Don't you want to ask her about it?
It's over, it's over.
It's only the lovers' gap!
Sana-chan, are you really sensitive to bras?
You're so cute, I think it's about time you got one.
There's enough break time to go to buy one.
If you wanted to buy something I'll go. What do you want to buy?
We don't have that kind.
Why did this happen?
You silly poses make you look even worse!
Your innocent look only makes people angrier.
To make it short, Naozumi-kun is off limits.
We've discovered Zenjiro's new lover...
Parents? Not really.
What are you saying...?
Rei-kun, come here!
Of course I want to do the job well.
I understand, Sana-chan!
What's going on...?
You mean you're...
We're sorry to ask you so impolitely.
Geez. Umm...
What's wrong? It's so late.
Bye Bye Bye
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Bye Bye Bye
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and used to be my boyfriend.
It's coming... the day of our promise...
"Ah, What a Surprise! Mama's Book"
--Sana-chan really is coming from here! --Huh, Akito-kun? Did you hear me?
Tsuyoshi-kun!
That's dangerous! Be careful not to do this!
Really?
Well, go ahead, go ahead, Hayama-chan, get in, get in, please!
Tomorrow... tomorrow, Mama's essay is coming out.
...why don't you have Kamura comfort you?
What are you bringing up Naozumi-kun here for!?
gets printed in a magazine. What will I do?
What-- what exactly is...? Rei-kun doesn't get this at all.
Yep!
"Who is this person?"
The rich kind!
Nope!
As far as money goes, I'm stinking rich,
Right, Sensei.
See you later, Uncle!
I think you would have been better off not letting him into the house at all
-- You can't hate him, but you can't help him! -- No matter how many times 
--so let's get to bed right away. --Right!
It's okay, Rei-kun.
"Among ordinary mothers and their children,
telling them 'you were a child I found somewhere',
"Zenjiro's room" Good morning!
I came to the conclusion that if I could not go on living as an ordinary woman,
After a month, I officially took her in,
So, you see, Mama wants very much to meet your real mother.
Mama will also become famous, through her novels.
What would I do, if Mama was planning to send me away someday?
Naturally, I imagined what all of you were going to say.
Did Sana-chan give any kind of consent to having this book published?
--If you knew, then there's no way you could have done it! --Rei-kun, enough...
You be quiet! A stranger like you has no place butting in here!
You're a fine one to be talking about strangers!
Hayama-kun... we're kind of in the middle of a fight here...
That was fun! Like a jet coaster in the dark!
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
...for two.
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
Well, when people are worried, they tend to get hungry, huh?
My manager and driver, Rei-kun. He's also my ex-boyfriend.
Naozumi-kun... it hurts... It was because of our relationship...
My fans did this.
Sana-chan is hurt.
Well, it's not that bad.
Oh yeah, just take that other room for the night.
- So we should sleep here? - I didn't mean it like that...
I'm alright! Don't worry...
You're so heavy I want to fart! Gero! Gero!
Right! Right! Report this crime to the police!
Don't think about this too much, Nao!
I wanna beat them up until they have broken skulls and serious broken bones!
But that's not right so I'm adopting an alternative!
The wise man says "It is harmful to speak too much, think positive."
Today we're visiting white-hot Mizu no Yakata movie set filming location.
That's Babbit.
Welcome!
Zoom shot!
Zoom shot!
It says they're going out!
- Sana-chan, ok?! - Ok!
What?
of emotional pain which turned her into a spirit.
Since she got hurt she is able to get into the character in the movie.
Sana-chan, here's some painkiller.
No problem- It's Cantonese.
Even though you're apologizing, you still hate me, right?
I never heard Sana-chan say anything about this.
Thick and bloody Ishida-kun, what did you say?
It's true!
Tsuyoshi-kun had once told me that she'd never neglect lonely vagrant cats.
Hayama Aki! Wait up!
Takaishi-kun and Shizu-chan make a really good couple.
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
It's all crazy over there,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
blur2waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
Hayama Akito, lonely wolf doing karate and my friend.
Hayama, are you doing well?
If you're gonna say that, it's okay.
Hayama... I haven't seen him for a billion years.
Eh? Really?
Give me your leg so I can change your bandage.
The expression was good...
It isn't right.
How did it feel?
Actually...
I sort of understood what to say about the line.
See, there are things you can't do with just strength.
Sana-chan's on TV, look!
Now I want to go back to school again tomorrow.
Sana-chan! Go to bed! Hurry go to bed!
Yes.
Sagami-san, bring Sana-chan here please.
Yup!
Well, we're going to leave you alone. Let's go, Rei.
It's Sunday, I wonder if he's home.
Oh, my bad.
Wow, what a surprise.
Sana-chan...
Sana-chan!
Did you tell Sana?
What's wrong, Sana-chan?
Her expression makes her look like she's dead.
Action!
Y... Y... You...
What's wrong, Sana-chan?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
Hurry please come in.
Come on give him something to blow on! Wait, Naozumi-kun!
Rain, rain, how painful.
It was so sudden... strange...
Fuka is a nice person. If I think about it, it's good match.
That's all. That's all really.
Oops, secret supon.
Don't say anything. You're welcome.
Sorry, I was too nosy and let you borrow that phone.
It was true I wanted to phone someone.
He's a leopard and a pervert and he looks at me funny.
I see, then...
If you ever need to cry, come to me.
I can't forgive Hayama for changing his mind.
It's not that Hayama-kun is bad, or anybody is bad.
Mama, what really happened to me?
Naozumi-kun.
Really... enough...
Naozumi-kun...
Bye Bye Bye
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
blur2
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2chikyuu ha GYAK-KAITEN
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
Aoki-Award winning, author, Mama, the squirrel is Maro-chan.
S-Sana-chan?
How much is 'a bit'? I don't see any chance at all!
Next question... is...
What is it, Sana-chan?
But this time she really lost her spirit.
Well, no, I didn't think...
In such time, I had to call the person who does things the way you least expect.
I know I have to go back to normal as soon as possible...
Just get it in there.
Wow! There's even shellfish!
Do you realize that they're energizing supplements? I hope you like them.
Sensei...!
Let's go, Sagami!
Mama... Mama!
Are you listening, Sensei?
Mm... These are so good, Shimura-san.
Eh? But I'm so hurt right now.
I'm going out with Fuka now.
Hayama and I...
Huh? Mountains of trash!
Mama!
Did Onda-san stay up all night?
Good morning, Naozumi-kun!
I think... this'll be a little hard on you...
If you want to leave, I can take you home right way in this.
Oy! Naozumi-kun!
What?
Sensei! Sana-chan!
Are you alright, Sana-chan? We were scared!
But, everything's fine now.
Really, Sensei?
Sana, do your best!
Good luck with your writing!
but temperature is still going to go up. Be prepared for that.
'Extinguish the flame in one's heart to cool the fire.' Is the correct answer.
Wai Wai Wai Wai
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2kono mama icchee!
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2funya funya de iruto
I'm Kurata Sana, a first year student at Jinbo Junior High!
But even so...
Waiting for the signal... it's really boring.
Here and there! All catching fire!
Strong fire quickly burns!
- Calm down, Sagami-san. - Yes!
Enough!
Everyone thinks I must be strong to do my best, but I'm not that strong.
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan is acting.
Those two are inside,
I'm not taking you because I love you.
Hey! That's Sana-chan's!
Babbit's here trying to put out the fire.
Just admit it.
Anyway the location shoot is finished.
Congrats!
Putting you in danger was my fault. I'm sorry.
Of course! With Sana-chan in it, how could it be bad?!
Yes?
Makes me mad.
Heh, heh... To say this out is embarrassing.
Everybody has something that can't come true,
Those girls will become Sana-chan's fans in the future.
Let's go home, Sana-chan.
This is an anime. Don't be surprised.
- Sana-chan is back home. - Something to be remembered.
How can you come into a sick girl's room!
You can't catch me!
- Is that so? - Sensei, you didn't close the door.
Nope, it's not a pear. Same sound
Sana-chan is out of the Hospital.
Thank for visiting me.
The cakes looked like this!
The atmosphere is stifling...
so resolve when to give up
It's always the same old nonsense,
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
blur2sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
I've had enough time to prepare mentally.
That's true!
In the past 4 months, he's grown 5 cm taller!
Look up to me.
Again?! Buy your own!
I'm going out with Fuka now.
My heart is beating so fast...
...because I am...
Who's "Yin Tian Tian Gong"?
Try to catch up on all the work.
OK.
Wow... they're so neat.
Fuka-chan is really smart...
Better remember the notes here...
OK.
It's Tsuyoshi-kun and the others.
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
Absolutely no one can catch her.
They didn't actually ask him to do it but it was said to "save Fuka's face".
Thanks guys.
...because it's printed in magazines.
...and once in a while we meet at the convenience store...
Jeez... I'm so confused about everything.
In short, even after dating two months...
But because of my crazy request for him to pretend to be my boyfriend...
I began to think he's a pretty nice person...
Yeah, she looked like she'd been crying...
It's become very hard and painful to be among my friends or to be in school.
Ok, ok.
Work! Work! Let's work!
Naozumi-kun!
Listen up! Listen up, Naozumi-kun!
Sana-chan, don't you care that I'm changing?
This probably came from being burned?
At that time...
...maybe I should be together with Naozumi-kun...
What is it? Something happened in school?
Thanks for telling me straight.
Our relationship...
Not even once?
...and, working together with Kurata Sana-chan, there must have been a lot of talk?
Yeah, and I was totally rejected.
"Butt" rhymes with "stock". Sana is trying to say "stock" but says "butt".
And it's being broadcast nationwide!
Even if no one else knows... he will.
I see, you've grown up then!
Naozumi-kun's...
I'm just doing this for your own good.
Wanna go home?
Rest rest rest!
What a surprise for you to come in so early.
I'll go with you too...
What... what's wrong?
I said don't!
The truth?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
blur2U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Yesterday... on TV... Kamura said strange things...
Only from you... I'll only believe the words that you personally say to me!
I think I've seen this. Oh yeah, in a gift shop.
You've gone too far!
Truly abnormal. Different, strange.
Anyway, my brain is as watery as fruit!
Fuka! Wait, Fuka!
The one he loves is you!
Oh no,
Sorry. Because I thought it didn't matter...
What did you say?!
But I've already given that up, and I'm trying to go on.
It was quick...
I couldn't help it.
Wait a minute. You guys are talking about completely different things at the same time.
Hey, is that really true?
I mean it.
Sana-chan! Thank you! I'm so proud to be your manager!
Now that it's settled. Better make phone calls right away!
Anyway, it's still better to have some jobs to do.
Gotta go, Tsuyoshi-kun.
Huh? Sana-chan?
Kamura-san! It's time for Rappon no Kyuu-chan.
It means Onegai please.
Since then, Sana never came back.
I know it's probably all my fault.
Really, you're in the past.
This schedule looks like one that a super star uses.
...during the premiere of "Water Palace", I'm going to go onstage and say hi to my fans!
...ended up being a good thing for me.
It's good to make up, right Naozumi-kun?
Akito-kun, anything can be settled. Come on, please apologize.
Somehow she feels so distant...
Mmm. Yeah. But even if she comes she's always almost late.
Akito...
Oh yeah, Akito. Here, before I forget again.
Bye-bye, Hayama.
It's always the same old nonsense,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2
blur2oteage kimemasho
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
Producer, that's not right.
At a time like this, there's nothing you can do about it.
I'm gonna have to switch you.
Sana-chan, wake up! Are you all right?
I want to know more...
"Mizu no Yakata" is a very romantic movie.
Then I start thinking about it all over again.
I'm... in so much pain.
I just can't do it...
I just don't know what else to do anymore.
Hayama, let's go wash your face. Or it'll get sticky.
It's none of my business.
About Sana...
Wonder what she's doing right now...
Add tofu into curry. It tastes great.
Sana-chan said on tv that she worked really hard on the movie.
You're brothers... Aren't you two here to kill me?
Really, you're in the past.
Do you want to go watch Sana's movie tomorrow?
The premiere of the movie "Mizu no Yakata" is going to take place in this theater.
You're the only person who knows.
Hey Maeda-san, what are you doing?
...he came here as fast as he could.
Th... This is...
This Talandalu must be a fake too.
I'll reassure you with the serious Talandalu that you see before you.
One's also been sent home.
I knew that you'd have a great chance like this!
Maeda-san! Sagami-san!
This is a great honour.
With all of Kurata Sana-chan and Kamura Naozumi-kun's hard work...
Because...
I can't take you with me.
They haven't seen you in a long time so they want to see you.
Really?
Sorry, please tell them I'll go back to school soon.
It's like...
Water Palace was the greatest.
- May I have your autograph? - What?
About going to New York... Is it a musical?
Maybe it's a good thing for you at this stage.
That's up to you.
Even though it's going to be very challenging work...
Hello? I'm Kurata Sana, 12 years old.
Let's go to New York.
Why?
Things that are important to me are disappearing slowly.
Sana going to New York is a done deal.
Get back soon!
Hayama... has chosen Fuka...
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2kuchisaki KIME tara hansei nante YAN-NAI NAI
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
We're gonna arrive at the John F. Kennedy airport very soon.
Do your best, okay?
I'm from Tokyo.
We're already in New York?
Is this Manhattan?
The guidebook says it takes an hour to get there by taxi.
What? What's going on?
Put away your trumpet now.
Pleased to meet you.
Pleased...
No, that's our house.
I'm Kurata's manager, Sagami Rei.
Direct flight across the ocean with Naozumi-kun.
Good evening, everyone.
That's right.
Sana-chan?
Do we look alike? Don't be joking.
It's nice to meet you.
If he were Brad, "Brad, do you like sushi?"
The actresses and the models at the party are at least teenagers.
From here on are Maeda-sama, Sagami-sama, and Kamura-sama's rooms.
Goodnight.
Miss, come this way.
You seem to have a very good relationship with the person in the next room.
How much does the barbell weigh?
What?
It was 20 Kg in the beginning.
What?
Sana-chan, pounds and kilograms aren't the same.
But really 10 Lbs. is 4.54 Kg.
Yeah, even though this is the only explanation, we don't have any proof.
Even I don't know when the weights were added.
It was a hard chance for us to get into New York.
Right?
See see, I knew it.
Broadway dance dance win!
Kurata, Kamura, did you have a good night's sleep?
Look at that, we were almost hit.
That's dangerous!
Maeda-san!
How can this happen?!
Excuse me.
Maeda-san is not in a life threatening condition.
Before the investigation results come out, you should be patient for a while.
Then, please excuse me.
...no that can't happen.
It went in this direction.
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
and the whole earth is spinning the wrong way.
Bye Bye Bye
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
so resolve when to give up
blur2zenzen! DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2doose itsumo no DEMAKASE
blur2U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
I always feel Relax,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
I'm Kurata Sana, 12 years old in Jinbo Middle School.
Thanks.
Yup. A blonde girl wearing a dress.
I heard that finding him is even harder than finding the president himself.
We can't just leave the situation like this! Since I have nothing to do anyway...
This is tight...
Maybe we've just looked too much into it...
Let's go then, Naozumi-kun.
Wait a minute, Sana-chan! Oh man...
- Famous? - Artiste?
Where are they, Michelle?
I am Kurata Sana!
Sana-chan!
Oh yes... I want to see both of your dance moves. I wonder if you could show them to everyone?
Oil...?
...butterfly, butterfly... fly over here...
...and then another arrow for the other eye...
And this is my picture!
Um... I don't have a bone fracture, do I?
If I'm being attacked because of such small puny matters,
It's so painful...
See ya...
These aren't the basics of dance training at all!
Michelle-san...
Weird happenings?
Probably because he cast the both of you...
Hey! You! Wait a minute!
She must be that ghost that Sana-chan mentioned...
Thanks.
"Get out! Go back to Japan!"
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
Hayama!
--Well, I wonder what that could be about. --Thank goodness.
--My trivial secret is-- --They were, huh? I'm glad I stayed home.
Goodbye...
Yes, I appreciate it.
I'm so sorry I fell asleep!
It's okay. I've contacted your house and everything.
I don't even wear a brassiere yet.
No doubt!
Still, there are a few. Look!
You be quiet. And call me Sister.
Right, like the three stars in the Orion constellation.
--Your ass? --Bingo! --Bingo!
Yeah, huh?
Ramen noodles... zzz... tanmen noodles... chashao noodles...
Oh, we don't know what you're saying! If you're too sleepy, don't even show up!
It's rare that these two can agree on anything, huh?
I'm an Indian! I've even got the incense.
It's all right. You make a fine boy.
Boss, there is something on the roof!
--Oh, it's moving! --What's going on?
--A giraffe? That's a giraffe! --Just a minute!
Zenjiro-san! Can we have a comment!?
Where to?
You said that if I asked you not to do anything,
And even if she reads it, she might not come forward.
Once the doctor told me, I was despondent over that number."
Do you want to meet your real mother?
I also... have a few questions and things I want to ask her.
But, what if Mama planned someday... to return me to... my real mother...?
If you don't want that, then you can just tell them you don't want to, can't you?
when Kamura-kun suddenly and independently called reporters together.
I will say anything about myself, so please, stop barging in on Sana-chan.
Now, my dream is to take a more active role in the world,
--that two of them have grown up to be such fine, famous people is unusual. --Why did he have to say that...?
Somehow, I'm not quite following the whole situation,
I wish you would break that habit of playing your trumpet
whenever you get wound up!
Well, she won't tell me her name,
But I'm sure that Naozumi-kun did it for Sana-chan--
Kurata!
I've been waiting for an answer.
...panic!!
And our usual classroom...
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
The amazing white bat, Babbit!
Right now I have the 'angry but can't express myself' feeling.
I think you forgot to turn off the shower.
It feels like I'm getting angry. I want to find...!
Find what?
When did you bring that?
A tooth for a tooth. Extreme situations call for extreme methods.
And the only clue we have is this ghostly girl in a white dress.
Are you referring to me?
- Sona... - Not Sona!
The color of Naozumi's eyes are the same as mine.
Why did you disobey me, Sicil?
That's not it!
Brad, Brad!
Sicil...
Tom by Charlie Murphy, Wendy by Sandra Foster, Jimmy by Jodie Hall.
Alright, let's begin.
Sounds like you were very busy last night.
I've told you already, there are all kinds of people here.
That's true.
You must be Naozumi Kamura.
I know your secret.
parte b
Wahahaha! To be continued!
Didn't I tell you? I'm someone who knows your secret.
Boy... what a big mistake. It would've been better not to eat it.
Are you sure? Don't over-do it...
Fly!
His face looked like this, with lots of character.
The performer has become the fan! What's up with that?
Go back to Japan. Or else...
This is mysterious, strange, I don't understand it at all.
Our rooms were made a total disaster, our tire exploded...
The dance classes consisted of running laps.
That's why... I am not going home.
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
and the whole earth is spinning the wrong way.
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2PECHA-KUCHA HI dashita
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
The mysterious white bat, Babbit!
Let's go back to Japan...
Aren't you glad to be Japanese, where even little ones can feel at ease?
No... I don't know who is interfering with us, or for what reason,
There's something I haven't told you yet, Sana-chan.
Is there a reason you might be targeted?
Still our chance to do it! Doesn't that sound kinda strange?
What are you saying, Mama? Why would I do such a thing?
Sicil...!
It's not that easy to find an apartment! We can't stay at the hotel forever!
Meddlers again!
Who could the guy on the pizza-scooter be?
We will do our best!
"They don't need to see us."
"Let's help them with our powers!"
"Let's help them with our powers!"
Yes. That's all of it...
...somehow...
Sicil disappeared? Gone to his place maybe?!
parte b
There is a cute girl, let's dance with her!
I already went to two places. I told you it's not easy to find a good one!
But if Sicil's here that means...
Let's go, Naozumi!
This week's Brad!
Brad! Enough already! Let me go!
Sicil! I'm coming in!
I'm home.
Watch, it goes like this!
What are you doing?
I really hope so!
Shut up! Hurry up, shut her mouth!
Brad. You...
Yes. And if I may ask, you are... ?
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
blur2
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
You're in my way!
Return to Japan at once!
And you're...
On top of that you've come from a far place. I'm really sorry.
Could it be?
Michelle! Wait.
Naozumi, Sana, I'm sorry, but could you return home before us?
I didn't ask her name, but she was a beautiful lady.
As a mother, I wanted to meet you.
Naozumi!
I saw the movie 'Taxi Driver' and I couldn't stay still.
Tchapin and Katchan chabin fu fu bushuuu...
Here, here...
What's that, Sana-chan? It smells good.
Ah! We're here!
Black Babbit, you're mean!
So, come in.
Yeah, it's good. Don't you think so, Naozumi-kun?
So, it's like that! Then, you're still single?
Yes, what shall we do?
It will be done soon, so expect something good.
We tried really hard to find it!
Delicious!
I'm relieved! It's a special sauce that mama taught me, but I'm glad you like it.
I'm sorry.
You're hungry, right?
So suddenly?
We're always on break, aren't we?
So, shall we go?
I'd like to be dancing more...
If you're here I can't bring Naozumi! You're embarrassing me! Get out!
Naozumi, Naozumi, Naozumi!
It's nice that Naozumi-kun came.
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2kono mama icchee!
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
What's up?
Sicil, do you hear it? Mama's voice?
If you force her to come back her heart will close up like a shell.
This is all your doing.
Both are.
That is...
Anyway, let's all go shopping first!
Hey, Naozumi, do you like this?
Just something I forgot.
Yuko!
I'm sorry, something got into me.
I feel a little confused.
Goodbye!
And Babbit likes it, machaudon!
I'm glad you like it.
Yes, it's delicious.
Yes.
One, Two, Three!
I'm worn out!
Just keeping this up is tiring enough. What an imperfect ending.
Hurry up, come inside for the training.
Sana, Naozumi! Legs higher!
No, it's because I can be with Naozumi!
I'll do the cooking and wait for him to come home! Great, isn't it?
I don't get it. I just don't get it!
But I wonder if Naozumi will like it.
Oh come on, Bernie! If I keep this up I'll be Naozumi's bride soon.
It really lived up to the rumors.
Especially after Gary-san left.
Sicil will get hurt along with you! If she falls for you, Sicil will...
Sicil is my sister?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
Bye Bye Bye
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
Naozumi-kun... Naozumi-kun...
It's all your fault! If anything happens to Naozumi-kun I'm holding you responsible!
Do you realize what you just said to Naozumi-kun?
An actress's face is her life... I won't yell anymore.
No matter what.
That is a criminal action too.
I'm very worried.
Worried?
And he didn't bring an umbrella either.
You've become all wishy-washy after coming to New York!
Hi! I'm Sagami Rei, are you Naozumi-kun?
Ah, but I'm not a stranger.
Please don't tell anyone about this. You didn't say anything to Sicil, did you?
I didn't say anything to Sicil, or to Bernie.
I'm negotiating to be in a big Broadway show now!
We can't let you become feverish again, so you just lie here some more.
You should sleep through the night to morning.
At that time he was... very gentle.
I was selfish, and hated him for it.
Thank you very much for taking care of Naozumi-kun.
He's your father?
So Sicil is my younger sister.
Eh, what do you mean?
She's still talking like that ...
So that's settled.
Oh yes, Yuko-san is the woman who saved Naozumi-kun.
Because he's always trying to avoid me.
Other people's children dance on Papa's stage.
They... All they're interested in is other people's children.
No crying!
Naozumi-kun right now has problems bigger than mountains,
Mama said that to me once.
However, however...
Aren't you just the same?
...is an unforgivable thing.
Chicken-and-potato sandwiches.
You called me mother.
so resolve when to give up
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
and the whole earth is spinning the wrong way.
blur2zenzen! DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
I'm Kurata Sana, first year Junior High School student.
There's something suspicious.
But, when we're acting in a drama, don't we sometimes act as a family member?
...what kind of people my real parents would be.
I guess I just really wanted to see my parents.
Is something wrong?
Naozumi.
As well as Sana's, who is over there.
I guess I have to go to rehearsals alone today as well.
Naozumi's heart is already mine.
Please look at this.
Music!
Some pretty good dancing there...
Michelle, don't be mad.
This?
Mister, are you alright?
I mean for Broadway's top shows.
So what will it be?
You are using Naozumi, your own son, as a bargaining chip?
I want to stand on a stage. I want to receive cheers from the audience.
Stupid woman.
Yuko only wants to stand on stage and be praised.
Mister, who are you really?
Me?
That is what I think, anyway.
Coward.
Oy, oy.
Naozumi... good boy...
You should also be very happy.
I've decided to star in a musical.
Manager, large order.
I've always thought you would be a successful person.
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
and then later comes the whimpering,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2doose itsumo no DEMAKASE
blur2waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
blur2Bye Bye Bye
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
My best friend in New York, Naozumi-kun.
...the important things between women.
I'll say it.
I want to always be with Mother.
Sicil!
Sicil!
No. Why?
I can't find her anywhere.
In any case, Sicil overheard that, right?
Hello?
No means no. Leave these things to us.
Stop! Don't die!
I'm going to pull you up now.
You're the famous producer, Gary Hamilton-san!
...there's a girl... who's fallen down the ditch.
Don't move.
A small female alligator?
It's there!
Hurry.
It hurts!
Still haven't?
In my student years, I was termed a diving queen. I'm going in.
Papa... Mama...
Thank God, you're safe.
Papa.
I still want to be with my mother.
I don't want any burdens.
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
so just keep going unlike this,
blur2PECHA-KUCHA HI dashita
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I may be a little jumbled,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2tettai shichau yo
How can you say something like that?
Hamilton-san also said that because I am a semi-famous child star in Japan...
But... I think of everybody at the Kamura Academy as my family.
It wasn't a dream.
It's strange, but pleasant to have everyone here for breakfast.
Why did we come here in the first place?
Yes!
Metropolitan!
Sicil.
I'm sorry. Many painful things have happened because of the incident with Naozumi.
No, it's alright.
Hey old man, are you really seriously considering that?
Welcome home, Rei!
I'm sorry, Rei!
Bernie.
I don't have anything to give you, Bernie, but...
I think it was really a good thing to have come...
Here, I'll give you my nail polish.
I see. Well, I must be going.
What, today you only have that much?
S-Sicil.
I see...
It's so sudden.
Still, take care of Maekibakaanbarinihototoki-san...
Ooh... my name is Sana Kurata.
Yeah, let's go.
I can't say goodbye.
Take care, Bernie.
See ya later!
If I don't tell him, they'll go back to Japan.
Naozumi and the others decided to go home.
Oh no, I'm going to be late!
What does this mean, Naozumi?
They're probably already gone.
I was put in charge of these.
It's because they couldn't get in touch with you.
Let's go, Sana-chan.
and your body will be healthy,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2chikyuu ha GYAK-KAITEN
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
The woman who suddenly appeared, Naozumi's mother Yuko-san.
New York Arc has 3 more episodes.
Alright...
Komari komari komari komari komari
You always come this early?
Since you came back again, don't run away again.
That is... of course...
Ah, this is so tiring...
For so many hours, I've danced until my limbs all feel so numb.
I'm so hungry, let's hurry home.
That's true.
I have some words that I would like to speak to Naozumi alone.
Mou man tai...
Long time ago, hmm... already 14 years I guess...
When I was still young in Broadway I had some fame already
I once loved Yuko... I treated it as love but Yuko didn't think of it that way.
This is a world which wants real talent.
but in the end it still affected you.
- Together? - Yes.
What is it?
Right, thinking that she might become a child who nobody wants.
Err...
What is it?
I do not want a child which can't dance... that's not my child!
I was afraid that you would feel sad and uncomfortable seeing other people dance.
But I've always been by myself...
Don't be so serious about it. Blow me some tunes.
Hello.
Right.
Shut up! You're also another lousy scriptwriter.
and your body will be healthy,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
and your body will be healthy,
so resolve when to give up
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2oteage kimemasho
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
My name is Kurata Sana, first year Junior High student.
The friend I trust most in New York, Naozumi-kun.
Plenty!
Are you coming then, Naozumi?
Tomorrow is opening night, I'd like to prepare myself.
Your dance is done.
They're leaving! The audience is leaving!
It's my fault! My fault!
Guess so.
What was it?
But you know, at the time I didn't think so many things would happen.
Just the two of us.
Rick, Rick!
Hurry and get up, we're going.
Cause he's still got a little kid's taste.
Just leave it!
I wish - my body hurts!
Don't say that!
Oops! Sorry to interrupt.
The size of the stage in my dream last night was the same as the one at school.
Sana-chan, I'm sorry, but I can't.
Just think about me now.
See, we're twin angels.
So what if it's Broadway?
How arrogant.
Didn't you tell me to shut up?
God, shut up already!
So how was it? What are your thoughts on your first performance?
Let's go, Rick!
Aah, how wonderful, opening night was a success.
Nao was awesome too.
Maeda-san snuck out of the hospital again, geez.
No, we really do have to thank you.
Naozumi Kamura is my son.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
and your body will be healthy,
so resolve when to give up
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
I'm satisfied. I'll let Sana handle the rest.
Sensei...
--Well, okay. --Take this!
--And hey, how come you guys have all fallen flat? --It's your fault, you know.
Yeah? You had me when you were 14!? Amazing! Let's see, 14...
Wow, what a surprise, right? Surprising, surprising, right?
--See? She's weird, huh? Weird, isn't she? --Can I get another cup? --Yes, yes, right away.
Um, he passed away four years ago.
How come you didn't decide not to give birth?
Oh, then, you had her all by yourself?
What if I was actually born on March 6th?
Huh? Hayama liked that one! What, was that funny?
Oh, sorry. It's just so rare for this boy to laugh.
A ring worn on the left ring finger is a wedding ring.
Sana-chan has made plans to see her again on Sunday.
Is that all right?
I am being puhsued by entuhtainrnent reportuhs.
That's why you came over to my house, right?
Maybe they're not following you anymore.
Nawnsense, how could that be?
Say, Sana-chan, where are you meeting your sister, by the way?
Ah, there they are.
Ah! A Fewwis wheel! Over there!
You dwopped this!
That's right, Sana-chan! I'm here to have a good time today.
To thank you for picking that up,
Yeah.
--Oh, yeah? Mariko-chan, you can read books? --However, I'm sure that what I'm feeling
sure enough...
Yeah.
...isn't going to happen. I can't do that.
I could never think of you as my mother.
All right!
Nice work, everyone!
Ah, Sana-chan!
That's what you say about times like these.
he's there.
Here's a sudden question--
and yet you always shilly-shally,
it's time to get out of there!
Are you talking about Hamilton's interview?
You've heard the news this quickly?
Hi. Maeda here.
I've also received them.
At this time, you should throw open both arms in this kind of motion.
I don't know what Sicil said to Gary-san
Misako, you're too cool.
The sun rises really fast in this anime.
It's Naozumi.
Are you going to use the status of Prince of Broadway to become more famous?
They've escaped. After them...
This is Cat's Cradle.
See, I made a bridge.
Actually, Brad...
I've always felt this way.
Look, your work schedule is already so full.
but this is a good opportunity.
He's flying.
Also, it seems that I can only write my manuscript on the desk at home.
Ok! Next we'll shoot a simple one.
Oh, the two of them are really popular in New York right now.
Is your throat being pierced by small fishbones?
At this time, if we can swallow the whole rice ball, then we'll be fine.
Bye. Good night.
It was really successful.
I'm looking forward to it too.
It really suits you.
those whom we owe the success of this show, who have the charm and charisma of angels,
the one who can be termed my personal angel.
I will try my hardest not to disappoint everyone and produce a great star.
Come on, Naozumi.
I want to return to Japan.
I felt a little envious.
you're still my younger sister.
Can we still see each other?
Bernie, thank you very much.
They're both good kids. So nice.
It's because he's even busier than the president.
The plane is about to take off. It's very dangerous. Don't fly into this area.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
Oh, yeah. Babbit's special ability is this.
They're basically challenging me to a fight.
The city Sana-chan lives in is a port.
I thought I was never going to return here.
What... is it the cops?
Ha, ha, ha. Caught in the act.
Wait a minute!
I understand! Let's play a trick on them.
I broke through wall, I had control of the situation...
You're even snoring! What are you doing?
Sorry! I fell asleep.
I haven't appeared in a long time and I'm instantly taken out.
I can't.
We're here.
This person is only holding an instrument. He hasn't started playing.
Otherwise, the instant you blow a note, I'll have t arrest you.
What?! She can't have gone far. After her!
Let's hurry up and get out from here.
Stop playing around.
Could it be so that he and I could meet?
Finished sweeping. The place is now very clean.
I think that I was singing just now. I'm in a pinch.
I just got here a little while ago.
Don't treat us like idiots.
The radical for the Sa of Kurata Sana-chan is the radical that means... silk.
It's the direction south.
Sing! Sing! Sing your hearts out!
So you thought you could escape singing at the sea?
- Give me back my trumpet... - This trumpet...
Don't look at me like that, Naozumi-kun.
Is it? It doesn't matter!
At that time, Mayu-chan was protecting Naozumi-kun following her heart.
It's okay. Let's just pretend it happened this way.
Okay?
I will fight until stupid laws such as the song prohibition law are repealed.
Mayu-chan...
Please look over there.
Tastes good.
Who are you?
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
I'm Babbit.
Why are you two still awake?
I'm attending an escalator school where
Because of this, I think I can make a lot of new friends.
She's my best friend.
Are you guys stupid?
So if I do it, you'll give me 10 yen each?
I was waiting for him to tell me that he liked me.
She's really liked you ever since school started.
My heart is on fire!
But it was empty to begin with so I didn't have to bother.
Ok, I got it.
You'll tell me when I get back, right?
Hey! Are you listening?
You said you wanted to tell me something.
I can't stop thinking about you, Sana-chan.
No! Not someone bad like me!
What are you saying?
Sana, you're looking into things.
Do you really love me?
I won't break up!
Well, I want to apologize for last time... I said strange things.
I'm going to concentrate on my acting career.
Sana!
Th... that's true. Right... Right?
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
...hungry.
Akito, you like sushi, right?
Wearing a flower on your head is not fashionable anymore.
You can still sleep?!
This is the second.
What am I suppose to do with you...
It looks like they're having a lot of fun.
It's better to watch a romantic movie on a date.
Shh, it hasn't even been 30 minutes yet.
Love story between a pretty girl and a handsome guy, it's so... great.
So you consider them good looking?
Shut up.
Everyone's marks weren't too bad.
Please stop adding to my name.
Ah! I'm sorry...
Ah! Fuka-chan!
Hayama-kun, is your girlfriend all right?
What is it?
This is a play on the Japanese characters.
Maybe I need to be careful not to get hit by a car...
Can you spare a few minutes?
Why do you want our pictures?
Maybe you could get something even better.
Wait until the publication date.
- It can't be... - Films are very expensive.
Don't worry, it won't be published.
But I'm very happy today.
That's a little disappointing...
Once again.
Don't run in hallway!
Yes sir.
Even though it seems unfair, I'll let you have the best couple award.
Yeah... it's great to be young.
And so, several months passed by quickly...
Sana-chan, welcome back.
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
We finally have the proof,
But it seems real this time.
- Yeah. - You're right.
Fuka showed it to me before.
Why are you pushing down the blind?
Thanks, Akito.
I came back a little late today.
Worried about what?
Fuka, Papa and Mama didn't say you can't be with him,
Just a second.
She's all yours, good luck.
What happened?
Sengoku?
Let's just think this is all Sengoku-sensei's fault, and forget this.
I always feel safe when I'm with Akito.
Sometimes it makes me blush.
What?
Yell on top of a mountain.
Weekly magazine Dolabi.
Nagasaki News.
Hello? Sagami-san?
going shopping, or going out, instead of going straight home is bad.
Can I tell them that the couple in the magazine is here?
What's this?
You're so ugly...
This is your first time here?
I want to join you too.
She's too busy.
Recently, Sensei is very interested in plants.
I'll go look at some new plants I bought.
I'm not done yet, let me continue...
I can't believe it, there's someone who looks like Hayama in another country.
Excuse me...
Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun,
Oh right, I have something here.
What? What?
Stop it, what's so great about it?
- Look, this is me and Aya-chan. - It's really you.
You two are perfect...
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Yes!
He acts like he's good now,
Akito, the whole time you weren't happy that we won the best couple prize.
It does say on the ticket that it's a memorable place... don't joke around.
Good weather?
It looks like it is going to rain today.
There is rice on your face.
That's great...
Stop talking like that!
This is Sengoku-sensei from Jinbo school.
- Naozumi-kun! We'll work hard together! - Sana-chan!
Mae-rin!
I'm sorry, Chris-chan, I'll be more careful from now on!
You jerk! You jerk!
This is not funny.
It's getting late.
Um...
Friends?
And break the tiles to pieces
Wow! What do you want to do?
Anything. Just not the Ferris wheel.
Let me take that down...
What's that? It's not like you when you're that formal.
Sorry for the wait.
I didn't do anything to make people misunderstand me either.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what happened.
Is that so?
Soon there will be a ranking test.
It's that...
About yesterday...
You're done eating?
How strange it is when Fuka can't finish her food.
- Please praise me a little. - Wonderful.
I'm so happy! Naozumi praises me!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2tettai shichau yo
Bugs looks like this.
I will try my best and not lose to her.
I think I said something to you that I shouldn't have said.
Akito, just follow your own heart.
Sorry, sorry, Fuka-chan.
Even if Fuka-chan is your girlfriend...
What?!
Dummy!
If you and Hayama don't get along...
forgetting that you must have something to tell me if you called me.
Have you eaten lunch?
You're always the first person at the cafeteria but you weren't there today.
This is Hayama's home, remember?
Really? A white belt? I'm very proud of you.
Ah, it's Sana-chan.
No, of course not!
She just told me she likes me...
Akito, where are you going?
parte b
One, and Two, and One, and Two, Five...
For those who don't know karate don't try this at home...
Nice to meet you.
Next time, can I try it on? Please please.
Sana-chan, oh no, Naozumi-kun has already memorized everything.
The correct term is cook some fingernail dirt.
Sana-chan.
- And Naozumi-kun. - Technically, yes.
- Your competitor is also very serious. - Competitor?
"You are..."
That's my line?
It's ok. After practice, you'll be tired. Don't push yourself.
The sixth scene is next. Sorry to trouble you.
I know.
It's a sticker picture machine.
Hayama is a devil, go back to hell!
I can't say something like that.
Akito-kun.
Please, this way.
Tsuyoshi-kun, how is Fuka? What about Hayama?
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
You can't see what's in front of you
If you walk off the road you have to go along
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
My best friend who I met in the bathroom, Fuka.
Best to stay under a warm table in cold Japan.
Excuse me, Fuka!
My...
I'll tell her that you're worried. Trust me, I will!
Hayama's image appeared so tiny...
Don't you two need to take care of some hospitalization procedures?
Sorry about that.
He's concerned and eager to see you, but...
Yeah.
Hayama always gets blamed.
so people get him wrong.
Reminding me of unpleasant things...
Hayama...
Though he tries to hide it,
Well, I want to talk to you about scene six.
And... Rice ball head, Idiotic Goose, Scared Cat, Cucumber Squash, Water Bottle...
You're a honey chestnut! Be a honey chestnut till the time of your death!
I'm sorry.
I'll have to do it no matter what! Alright!
Shut up! You don't understand how I feel!
...butterfly, butterfly... fly over here...
Cut! Cut!
I'll say it for the rest of my life.
Riho-san!
come here for a bit.
Naozumi-kun.
Shadows?
Always standing by Sana-chan, becoming her support.
And because of that, I entered this production company for you.
Run!
Don't mind it.
Before we announce the list of actors,
Heard that she was fired from the soap opera that she was in.
That is really surprising! Why is that? Why?
He was called a devil by his sister and had to go through a lot of struggle.
Sana is still... with Akito?
I've... got a question to ask.
Let's...
blur2Gutto tsukihanasu kono me ni
blur2GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
blur2Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
it's time to get out of there!
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
Naozumi-kun, who was with me in New York honing our acting skills.
He's now my important partner.
Hayama Akito, my friend who's been with me through thick and thin.
You are...
Anyway, you need to get well quickly.
I forgot my slippers.
This drama is the brainchild of Mizoguchi-sensei and contains the emotions within our society.
We can't create the desired conflict without using the word 'demon' in that scene.
That's shocking news.
Don't they do that every time? You should be used to it by now.
But Sensei! Doesn't it make you mad?
Hayama-kun?
and for the people who work hard on the set. I've made quite a lot of problems.
Ah my coat, my coat. And my purse!
I should change.
Really, Akito...
Hey, Akito.
Isn't this strange?
Enough.
Resignation?
If you don't know what Kouban is, go check the dictionary.
Akito's not bad.
But... but...
I'll explain it to him.
So go home, mom.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'll eat with you.
She likes you.
You forgot your slippers.
Anyway that's how it is.
For Sana-chan's reputation.
...I hear it's because of a boy called Hayama-kun.
blur2matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2tooranakya ikenai michi wo
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
blur2GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
and for an American feeling, Texas!
and yet you always shilly-shally,
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
The reason why Sana-chan couldn't say devil...
She threatens Naozumi-kun to go out with her.
Sorry, sorry, I was looking at it first.
Tell me these kind of things earlier!
And I thought that I could rest today.
I think she's lightheaded rather than strong.
Did you see today's Wideshow?
I wonder if it's true.
That's right! You know that Sana-chan isn't stuck-up.
Yes, yes, that's how I feel.
Soromatabaggi! Long time no see!
Yeah, just a little.
These days the school's image is getting worse.
When plants get sunlight and make glucose
Yes?
Oh yeah, Matsui Fuka, here you go.
Uh?
then your head will start sparking.
It's funny. No bad.
Good afternoon.
Thank you very much.
We have to hurry and tell Hayama.
Lady, where's the phone?
Nowadays cheating is the big thing so 'don't do it'
Well, that's...
- It's true that he was bad. - Sana-chan...
No! He's always been nice ever since elementary school.
He's the kind of person who would take it onto himself...
Sana?
I like you because you're that kind of a person.
Isn't that right?
Yes, thank you very much.
- Huh?! - Principal!
Yeah, my eyes are not really that well yet and I have to go to the hospital.
I see, hurry and come to school normally.
Alright. See you later!
blur2anata to naite mitai kara
You can't see what's in front of you
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
And make me the only one you love
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
Foist, "Let me handle everything about Kodocha!
Hoy! I'm Sana! I'm out for victory!
Next to huh, the boy who brags that he's the reason
What is it?
Ah, Sana-chan! We have a live broadcast of "Child's Toy,"
Stop! Stop that! Stop!
Jason!
we see Sana-chan flinging challenges at Boss Monkey Hayama,
We'll use this to compare our voices.
How about it? Sounds interesting, right?
Jump!
Hayama Akito! You're finished now!
How did you know that?
I'll return that sentiment right back at you.
Well then, kill me.
--I can't stand losing to Hayama! --Sana-chan faced off against the disheartened Hayama at the shrine.
Hayama family, this is the last time I'm going to ask you!
A-chan...
Father...
Taking advantage of the confusion, Hayama-kun presses his button!
I watched the video.
Right now, you're the most important thing to me, Sana-chan.
Bye.
Planted a kiss on her.
The next one is a Lucky Chance Quiz question!
Not to worry. I just wanted to see this Hayama boy, after all.
Love is strong! Nothing can come between us!
Rei...
Can I wait for you?
Sagami-kun is an adult, and you cannot be the object of his affection.
I get pretty embarrassed when I think about the way I was a little while ago.
Even so, you stood by me and listened to what I had to say,
Obana.
That trick isn't going to woik this time!
I've been waiting for an answer.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
...up to now, just for today,
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
He who was having a delicious life in New York.
She's saying a phrase that will make one angry.
Is it because you're going with Naozumi-kun to the Kamura school?
Actually yesterday...
I think it's alright. This year, Asako has to work again.
We're having such a painful time!
I know, in this case...
So me and Hayama...
Your feelings are that you still love Hayama-kun.
I haven't used this desk for such a long time.
You have to look that hard to find a textbook?
That's...
It seems so long ago.
Oh no, Tsuyoshi-kun, you!
Yeah, on Christmas Eve I want to have a lot of fun!
I'm so glad that I borrowed the costume.
Yes, yes, Dad wanted to ask about that too.
I see.
By the way, the last drama that I did will be premiering today.
I could bet you money on that. He will definitely be a good actor.
Oh well!
But I still have something left to do.
If you watch, you'll understand.
You're really strange, Father Hayama.
the one Sana-chan was supposed to be in!
Watch today's drama, and you'll understand.
Who is this girl? Sana-chan is so much better.
You're a devil! You'll always be a devil!
Eh?
She did that for me. Because she didn't want to hurt my feelings.
We had a party at my house, and we're taking Aya and Hisae back to their homes.
But weren't you guys gazing at each other?
So that's what you get!
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
You can't see what's in front of you
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Hurry, withdraw!
A present!
Natsumi, your dad, a long time ago, was...
A mad scientist is...
See, mother is coming to you now.
Those are two totally different things!
How come there is a mother robot and an additional giant robot?
You're from Tokyo, can you just ignore the danger Tokyo is facing now?
The robot is destroying cars and houses.
The destiny of Tokyo tower is like a candle in the wind.
Oh! Angel finally appeared.
Come on, let's go.
Please, let her go.
Here, here, I turned into a carpet.
What a strange world!
I had the leftover curry from the day before.
Since we started talking, the picture hasn't changed a bit.
Oh, somebody's here.
I'm an elephant. Oh, Sana-chan is a skunk.
Ok, let's go, skunk.
Don't think you can harass a pig.
This place is huge.
But... there was an old lady who knew magic.
This one.
You turned into this and it's all your own fault.
It's all because I feel lonely.
I thought if everybody else looked like me, they would want to be my friends.
Oh, is that why?
Let's play King game.
Undo the spell first!
Then I'll read it.
What are you waiting for?
It's ok even if I have to look like this for the rest of my life.
Really?
My dear Sana-chan, I wouldn't lie to you.
In order to undo the spell, a girl with three moles,
But if you wait, after New Year's everything will be back to normal.
Didn't get to eat New Year noodle.
blur2Gutto tsukihanasu kono me ni
blur2anata to naite mitai kara
blur2Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
"Wait... I want us to split up", I said
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
The mysterious white bat, Babbit.
Onda! It's finished.
Thank you so much, Sensei.
I'll work really hard and super fast.
Sana-chan, after the shooting in London...
Then we go to HK for an interview, and to Antarctica to take photos with penguins.
Rei...
It's possible.
Mama, Rei-kun, and Shimura-san are all healthy, and we have the house.
Why is it Daifuku?
Rei! Happy New Year!
Asako!
Asako is back!
Because Sana-chan got banned by the media, all the other news got mashed together.
It's exactly the same as it is here.
I have my troubles too.
I hope this year will be great too.
Happy New Year.
Sorry, Akito...
Can you help me down?
New Year.
This is for Mama.
Oh, this is for me.
But the street address isn't clear, and there's no name, right?
Wait a second...
My name is Chidosei.
Special routes.
This is the video of the first episode of Kodocha.
No matter how big your part is, we would always check.
but those are all lies, right?
We were just discussing whether we would be able to see Sana-chan's great acting skills
I'm like them, so I understand.
Never making that line coherent with the rest of the story.
Because it's just a video, the budget is low.
Shooting will start in a week's time.
blur2Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
Hayama Akito, my best friend so that's it.
Leave that guy aside first.
Could it possibly be Akito told her his feelings?
It's not dull.
Ah, hey, Sana-chan.
So let's come and see the set.
You, young one there.
This is easy easy.
Alright. Q: 5 is a geometry problem.
Sana-chan herself gave us record-mail.
She surprised us with movies and Broadway,
I bet it'll be something bigger.
Oh, what a wonderful feeling it is to be invited.
Start!
Oh, I don't get it, it's all gibberish.
and it's division but you multiply.
No, it's not a little.
Thank you.
I heard London is famous for acting.
When I came back it was the same
But cross out London, circle the math video!
Yeah, that's right, Mama.
We're in 7th grade,
...fifth grade math came crashing down.
A blub blubbing sixth grade.
But come to think of it, we're sitting here together eating snacks.
I found it's the first time to eat as we walking like this.
People who are not good at math are pretty uneasy about improving in math.
Wasn't Mizoguchi-san only here to review this job?
It's finally over.
I'm home.
"You're a fake,
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
blur2watashi hitori wo sou aishite
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
Movies and the Broadway show were successful because of my hard work.
I know.
But this letter says... Anyway, I'm the real Kurata Sana.
We'll see when the time comes, bye.
Actually, I really like you a lot.
But today I'm talking about something else.
Right now I'm in Africa directing a crazy wild animal documentary.
Oh, it's starting. Bye, Sana-chan!
If I could go to a hot springs for a shoot, I'd be very... satisfied.
And you'll make a photo book too, right, Sana-chan?
When did they tell you? Where?
You received a letter from someone claiming to be you?
Person from walls?
I'm not sure...
- You're the real one. - ???
Just hearing the rumors, one would think the fake Sana is a lot better than you.
The old me?
The shooting of the tape is also successful. Easy, easy.
- Since it's not dark yet. - Alright!
In all my 46 years of being a cameraman,
Thanks, Rei-kun.
I'll park the car inside.
How disgusting.
We should all go and take a look.
Sensei, please finish the draft quickly.
Maybe... maybe not.
- Onda-san! - Good evening.
He goes to a fitness club in his college.
Everyone's inside. We should go too.
My voice isn't that lively.
Really?
That impostor tries to be me and tries to act cuts.
Me... I was hired by someone.
But how?
This is good, Sana-chan.
The real Sana-chan is very good.
Hello, Mizoguchi-san.
Yes, videos for teaching math never sold that many copies before.
What kind of matters are those?
blur2matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2watashi hitori wo sou aishite
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
I always feel Relax,
Tadah, look at the video I bought.
The chance to see her at school will decrease.
But if her seat were empty it would feel like something was missing.
That media thing is already over.
Please help out Kurata Sana's case.
Oh, that, I'll watch it...
Rei-kun!
Sorry for making you wait.
I feel very relaxed.
From now on I need to work harder.
Listen to me. Sana-chan.
Who else? You guys are blocking my way. Get away.
It really is Sana.
Sorry...
Words are too big, Babbit gets squeezed out.
What are you talking about? It's your job to keep the show going.
Right?
I can do it too.
That's good.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Sana-chan... help me.
Sana-chan.
Together we make a strong team.
Let's work hard to find a job.
If you fall down, get back up.
Hey-ho, hey-ho.
Why? I thought the rating were good.
Because the old ladies are complaining that partnering up with Zenjiro is not interesting.
I've been working so hard.
Yes. So this is your fault.
We only have the path of death if you don't help us.
You wrote the first two words incorrectly.
I am a writer, Sana's mother.
Hayama, what are you doing in my house?
This is why I told everyone to come.
Not like this! How am I going to make you understand, you chicken head?
You got the answer, you are so smart.
It's because you are too stupid. Next is...
Really?
Really? The cover is red because we want it to look special.
Excellent, excellent.
I am also burning with the will to fight.
Alright. Let's go, Sana-chan
- Alright. - Stop already.
Quick, eh?
These are all rough drafts, they're not even creative.
Wait a minute!
Ouch.
Higher, higher!
Got it.
Bring that Kurata Sana here quickly!
Sorry!
We did it, Sana-chan, right?
blur2ima KISU wo sorashinagara itta
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
What is it?
And over here at Fuka-chan's...
Ah... Yuuta is out with his friends.
Yes! I finally had the courage to call him!
That girl who's sitting by the window and gazing out at the streets.
Hmm. I see. I see.
No, I didn't!
Aya-chan, good morning...
What you represent in life cannot be decided by a raffle drawing.
Aya-chan, I see. Do you think this will hurt my feelings?
Don't worry about me, I'm not that hung up about the past.
To wipe away the past, I'll go happily!
It's too bad, I have to film that day.
So I see.
Tsuyoshi-kun, I already prepared Valentine's chocolate.
Takaishi-kun... Takaishi-kun...
- Yes. - Fuka.
Taka... ishi-kun?
Really?
Then I'll be able to see you at the event.
Ah... that's right...
Takaishi-kun and Shizu-chan...
Actually, Shizu and I...
...is named 'The Always Willing Trouble Helpers'!
It's alright.
It's about Zenjiro-san and Sana-chan helping people who seek for help.
We wish to have romantic and dramatic content as the main focus.
Costumes? That'll be great!
Mine's cuter.
Lovers enjoy yourselves! Single people do your best!
My club has very strict rules, so, I'm sorry about today.
Don't be a bad sport, come with us!
This can't go on TV...!
Sushi!
Becomes this in Takaishi's eyes.
You're... Takaishi.
Long time no see.
What's going on with that guy...?
Fuka-chan's ex-boyfriend is having some misunderstanding with Hayama.
So, in other words, you thought Hayama was cheating on his girlfriend.
Love is a battlefield!
'The Always Willing Trouble Helpers' are here!
Stop! Stop! Don't record this! You can't! You can't!
- Fuka. - Yeah?
I... broke up with Shizu.
It might be useless to say this now, but, now I know that...
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2funya funya de iruto
Fuka.
And he sent me pictures to go with it, and told me to wait for the next one.
Oof, I am so hungry, please just let me go...
Before, I took way too many leaves of absences.
I thank you for your help.
Eh?! There's more?!
- Sana-chan, let's get going. - Lucky!
It's an educational yet entertaining show.
so you can go to school like a normal student, and have time for yourself.
Really, I have to learn how to do that from you.
They could go to London on study trips.
It'll be hard for her to find a job when she comes back.
And I just got this new cell phone too.
I'm waiting for an urgent call. Call me tonight.
Hey, Sagami-kun...
And, listen to this.
Eh? She's going to get married? To whom?
Me, Sana of course, Shimura-san...
Family...
That phrase that I have tried to forget...
Confused people like Rei-kun.
Look, I bought these two cups in Shibuya.
Ahh... ah, that was...
Rei, before we leave, I want to talk about when specifically.
You haven't heard a word I said!
I know how it is now! Leave! Leave!
The feel of this apartment will be like this...
How am I supposed to know?
You could've done it alone!
If I go now, I won't be on time for the photo shoot.
You look just as strange, with your afro.
- Rei-kun doesn't smoke. - What?
Is this how you really feel, Asako?
And when I became busy I ignored her.
but, in comparison to some real families
our love for each other is stronger than most.
Asako...
Asako-san, are you leaving the country for a film-shoot, or...
And we should be able to wait for another two or three hours.
blur2GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
You were startled, and didn't say a word
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
You are that...
Coming closer and closer.
- What about a king of all horrors? - King of horrors?
Misako, lend me some money?
Then I should go and prepare a little.
Why did you lend it to him today?
- His eyes. - Eyes?
So I lent it to him.
That's what my rowdy intuition tells me.
He hangs around those people...?
Say it already!
You're too far-fetched.
Oh, here...
I forgot I still had some work to do, excuse me.
But... there's nothing I can do.
Yep, I'm very serious.
parte b
To become a great person.
Today we're at the streets again, looking for people who need help.
So in other words, the task this time is to bring Makoto-kun home.
This is very worrisome.
Stop gossiping...
What's that?
- Who are you? - Mama...
probably ring someone's doorbell and run away, right?
He's a nice person, has a good personality and isn't very sly.
What did I come here for?
and I thought I cold just solve it with money.
What are you thinking, old lady?
Wait a minute!
So hot.
To make things clear, the guys you are talking about is your mother's...
But at last I made a misunderstanding again.
Just use this as a chance to give up.
Anyhow, no matter who the opposition is, isn't what you're doing useless?
In the end, only you people worried about me.
I never thought he'd say that my child is none of his business.
There's a lot of different kinds of mothers.
But Ryosuke-san is still the same, always causing a big fuss.
Why mama married a guy like Ryosuke-san.
blur2Gutto tsukihanasu kono me ni
blur2tooranakya ikenai michi wo
blur2Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
blur2Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
The amazing white bat, Babbit!
My best friend, Fuka.
Hmm... I'll turn off the alarm clock...
Mm? You are not going to watch this? You always do...
Say Cheese!
Hey, that's...
Alright! I have go tell Hayama.
I'm going undercover! Ha!
- So what? - I saw it! I saw it! I saw it!
Her is her... Me is me...
You said Natsumi was on a date, right?
You're kidding me!
Dad is concerned about Natsumi...
- It's only a matter of time. - Who's next?
I'm so jealous.
Yes, thank you very much, Sana-chan.
Or is he really a playboy?
Umm... should I tell Hayama's sister?
Sana...
- It's okay. - Isn't it?
Akito, you're home!
My younger brother, Akito, he's eleven.
I heard you are taking karate, right?
He went home all because of you!
Oh, you're having stewed pork today.
Dad...
I've been suspended before!
and wanted to stop you from dating. I was also jealous of your relationship.
See you later.
- Aki! - Aki-chan!
Take action like a man!
Show your true self!
So, everyone's here, that's great.
What are you talking about? I'm his girlfriend!
We didn't...
When it is seven o'clock, dad will go home.
But it seems they are going to take a while, so I decided to take a little walk.
It was so horrible yesterday, wasn't it?!
blur2odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
Both today and tomorrow, I've go! time lo kick back.
as well as my boyfriend and pimp!
The truth is...
Rock-paper-scissors?
We're getting nowhere the way things are.
It looks that way.
Okay, Eri-chan! Rumi-chan!
You can't escape now, Hayama Akito-kun!
You wouldn't get anxious over something that wasn't there, would you?
It's an "Easy for Everyone Bungee Jump Set!" It cost 30,000 yen.
You're serious about doing this?
It wouldn't be something like that, right?
Right, right.
If I win, then from now on, you'll have to do exactly as I say.
Aya-chan, mike!
After all, I love being in high places!
Show them what kind of man you are, Hayama-san!
Hey, what are you waiting for!? Hurry up and jump, "Peggy" Hayama!
Ah, damn! She's adopting a strange pose!
...I'd never done it.
That was the flaw in my strategy.
 I'm just an unlucky Twist Girl. 
 Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, 
What kind of book are you reading!?
Uncle. Uncle.
Uncle. Uncle. Uncle.
Pizza's here!
Why don't you tell me everything, Sensei?
Picture?
You were making out?
And then, you threaten him that if he doesn't do as you say,
--Oh, I get it! I can do that! --So, yeah, about these make-out pitch-uhs...
It may be fighting a little dirty, but after all, Hayama-kun is doing it.
"Devil"? Is that really his sister? I can't believe it. I mean, "devil"...
Somehow... I'm surprised...
Hayama Akito! You're finished now!
Want to see?
Come and take it away from me, if you can!
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
Although I've said nothing bu! wisecracks...
I'm going lo he honest and sincere,
so BOY, lake a look my way!
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
How come you're so gloomy? Huh?
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Oinkie-oinkie? Oink? Oinkie-oink-oinkie? Oink-oink-oinkie!
Hey, Rei-kun, unless you translate for us, the story won't move forward.
Got that?
Let's go.
Okay then, I'm off.
Strike while the iron is hot!
I'm not too sure about this...
That's right, sir. I am a very busy person.
I'd sound like I was stuck-up. How embarrassing...
once the book came out.
I guess not.
Oh, yeah. Some of those family are really looking forward to you coming, Sana-chan.
What is it, Sana-chan?
Ko-chan, hurry, hurry! Come on up!
Ah, they're here, they're here!
I'm the one who brought up Kamura Academy.
I'm Yui!
This is Naozumi-kun when he was little?
--Zenjiro-san's Osaka girlfriend's house! --Look, here you are in the same picture.
Everyone knows that you came from here, Sana-chan,
and everyone thinks of this as their home, and all...
Sensei told you, huh!?
 this is Sana-chan's first composition! 
 --Oh, my sweet home is right here! --Is that the only thing you can say?
Ko-chan! You mustn't hit girls!
S- strutting around...?
Whoa, it's a dictionary! Is he trying to make a fool of me!?
Sorry, Sana-chan. He's kind at heart, but not very well-behaved.
Hey! You shouldn't be reading the books! Buy them first, then you can read them.
Are you sure you didn't forget to put in the bungee jump set
We sure would like to go for a drive.
Drives sure are fun.
You can't be poking along right now!
For the first time in my life, I'm driving all-out!
Three!
You want me to cry uncle?
"Oh, Uncle..."
The one who looks like this! See? See?
we don't have any trees that are just right for bungee jumping around here.
What's more,
Director, is that the only thing you can say?
Hey, hold up!
Nope, don't have it.
See? See? You've got the exact same ill-humored mouth as him!
Oh, here it comes, here it comes! The original Hayama lays the smack down!
What did I just tell you!?
Darn it!
--Just come with me. --What? What?
Look.
"Sana-chan, wel--?"
Is that right? I don't know what to say!
but let's try having the reception again at the beach!
 "Sana-chan, welcome!" it said? 
 Falling apart, falling apart. --Kamurra won't be left behind!
to always go along with the scenario.
he's there.
And our usual classroom...
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and for an American feeling, Texas!
and yet you always shilly-shally,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
I didn't.
What? Akito-kun, you didn't watch Kodocha?
It was so funny! Wasn't it, Aya-chan?
It was the "Experience the Sports" series, Challenging Chinese Martial Arts.
...used violence towards a student from another school...
Hayama, you'd better stop underestimating your teacher.
Is there a school rule that bans us from learning karate?
Hayama doesn't have a social life and can be naughty sometimes...
Oh well, teachers are humans, too.
If you become a celebrity, in exchange for getting fans,
What?!
I think you should at least go rather than sit around doing nothing.
That's it!
How to make a club?
Mama, Onda-san and Shimura-san aren't students from Jinbo Middle School, and...
- Sagami, paper! - Yes, Sensei!
More busy it is, more like to do other things!
Hayama!
Yesterday night, Mama helped me make signs.
Nowadays children are so knowing about fashion.
If five people can't be gathered then it's over.
Huh? He's in the same class as you, Hayama.
- Yah. - Let's go, Nakao-kun!
Well, they say that if you live in it, it could turn into Lake BLAW. It's alright.
I know you guys won't stand still.
One more person...
The rumor that you broke up with Naozumi-kun, is it true?
Ok! Standing still won't do anything.
Going out... is this?
Those who don't have any after school activities, why don't you join the karate club?!
Huh? That's Sana-chan.
I know.
See you tomorrow, Nakao-kun!
Today thank you for being here for Sana while you guys are busy.
Why is it for you?
Cheers!
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2Deeper Deeper hayaku me wo samashite
blur2watashi hitori wo sou aishite
You were startled, and didn't say a word
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
And make me the only one you love
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Mysterious commenting white bat, Babbit.
Hey you...
I just was too excited after yesterday's school activity.
Absent!
That's because you put it there!
- Seafood taste griddle cake? - There will be many seafoods on it.
That looks delicious.
Good morning!
What? You're in my class?
Are you a utayako or something?!
- It's two more people. - Isn't it one more person?
If you're here, Sana-chan, then I'll always be with you...
He was such a precious member who wanted to do it from his own will...
What do you mean by that?!
Well, well, stop it.
I think everyone liked it.
What is it... you're so hyper in the morning.
so I wanted to tell you as soon as possible.
What did you made this for?
The 3rd one, I've almost solved it.
Sengoku-sensei, can I have a moment?
it wasn't until yesterday night.
I haven't seen him since yesterday morning.
I had a feeling that he would do bad again. So we'd better expel him sooner.
Principal, we should ask Hayama-kun
Hayama, where is Nakao-kun?
Nakao-kun's disappearance must have Hayama involved.
Are you saying that with a definite reason?
and this club was made by Hayama! That's reason enough.
A person who rots once will never get back to normal again.
What a naivety guy!
Well, he was the quiet sort of person but he was hard working, right, Hayama?
But did he say he wanted to quit?
Hayama...
If some big thing happens, then there's no way to apologize.
I...
let's think about the disappearance of the erasers.
blur2Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Sengoku-sensei, please help me, I don't know what I am anymore.
but Hayamakun said that Karate is too much for me and I was so sad.
I must be sad because I have sanction today.
But I'm sure that your feelings could be only understood by yourself
We have found out that Year 1, Class 1,
But if I'm not a Babbit then I can't let everyone see what it says.
but most of people don't knew Nakao-kun.
Although it will hurt your heart, the case is very bad.
But the reality here is too cruel.
This is true.
Yeah, he was more concerned about his conduct grade.
- Sana-chan? What happened? - Wait.
In this state of situation, you guys are just licking each other's wounds.
But anyway, when something does happen to Nakao, then prepare yourself.
- Nakao, answer! - Nakao-kun, are you there?
Wow, you could peek inside there!
- Is he there? - I can't see, it's too dark.
Nakao-kun?
Ok.
When I move it hurts.
I got it. First I'll save myself then you, Hayama.
Hey! Don't talk stupid! If you become a mummy you'll be dead!
I thought that you wanted to quit the Karate club.
So... So that means...
Hmm... Yes.
Ah, where's Hayama-kun?
Kurata! Leave it!
- Why?! - Because you sound too rowdy.
You guys are always so cool.
He only can say 'What and stuff like that', he's not a great speaker
we have only lived for around 13 cubic meters.
If something happens, call me as soon as possible.
Is it because we said that the curry was disgusting?
Kurata-san also?
Yes, those two were slinky. What did they do?
The two still left their bags here.
Hayama, something is pouring off.
Hayama, what's with the blood?
- Why did you find till now? - Don't be barely.
Sana...
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I always feel Relax,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
The blackboard eraser stock is stored in the storage room.
- It won't open! - Sensei, do you have the key?
We're saved...
- It's nothing. - Come with me, hurry.
Yes!
He will definitely be pushed into that state.
Oh, you're here.
I'm just like him.
I don't know what else to think about.
No one said anything...
but I was sitting next to Hayama most of time.
Yes!
Oh, he got a message from Kyoto-sensei.
Nakao-kun regained consciousness so everything will be alright.
The teachers will come back soon.
Um...
Saying we have 40 cubic meters left in our lives.
I didn't do anything, I became reluctant, I was mad about my death.
When I got back to normal and I realized I was alive, I was really happy.
I want to do something.
- Huh?! - Got it?! You guys wait!
Fuka-chan!
Are you sure you're alright? Answer me.
- I didn't have a chance to answer you. - Don't think it is easy.
I was thinking of the Karate Club and going to the same high school as Hayama.
We do not know that this incident is directly involving Hayama,
Sensei, you didn't care about me!
It's a continuation of the letter he has in his hands!
Um... I'm able to come to school from today.
Hayama!
The snow melted fast.
Yeah.
Kurata.
They're doing it...
See ya.
blur2tooranakya ikenai michi wo
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
Rather than walking around in circles
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
Now I'm late for school and everything...
Let's go, Rei-kun!
Dangerous! You're so considerate of me!
Now let's go!
made herjoin a theatrical company called Komawari.
Things progressed and now she is a very popular young actress...
Hey! You two cut it out! Quit kissing!
Now, this class REALLY has problems...
See what I mean?
the boys started teasing the teacher...
Sana-chan!
Have you seen how behind we are in our lessons?
who started it all
This part... Three bracket subtract the trigona
This is a class, not a party! You sh...
Hey, what's wrong?
What is it? Why are you grinning?
WAIT! Where are you going??
What's going on?
He's responsible
He's popular too!
He's my boyfriend and my pimp.
that mischievous boy?
He's a devil.
My special techniques from Komawari should put that jerk in his place!
Have you made any real good friends yet?
It is very scare
What's wrong, Sana-chan?
I am very happy now
Not to worry!
Because of you,
It was too late, Sana was a sister of the forest
You would come across the devil, the teacher cried
You're two minutes earlier than yesterday. Very good!
Mmm... Well done.
I came for the script.
Thanks, Rei-kun.
That's right. Shall we try it out?
I can spend the boring time by this
Just because you're cute
Why you...
I don't want any of you getting involved Hurry!
Remember,
What??
Beat her up! Get her!!
Oh no! I'm all beat-up!
...causes the program to
The first beat-up talent,
Toys.
You're safe?
Here we go again...
We became the merry-go-round.
And this is the brainless bozo of my class.
He makes me so pissed I can't stand it anymore!
I'm gonna...
We can't learn anything like this!
I've created a monster.
Well, it's better than being Hayama's lackeys!
Hey, what are you doing? Lemme gooooo!
If he told you to jump off a cliff, would you?
Yeah, you, King of the Monkeys!
I thought you were going to beat her up.
Rei-kun is picking me up with his car...
so if I can just get to the gate,
We're in trouble, Sana-chan!
It's like the relationship between a cobra and a mongoose.
That image... Am I the cobra?
Gag... WHAT!?!? Get lost, you fag!
I'm in love with you Sana-chan!
I almost forgot.
Mami-chan!
And this is the first time I've hit somebody.
Come here!
Speaking of smart,
What's wrong with you?
Sana-chan.
You're going to regret this day...
...but now the string of the bag of Nin-Nin has been broken!
You mean, Bag of KAN-NIN Patience!
I heard you're going to be starring in a made-for-TV movie!
Incredible power!
IHow can I win Shrimp Tempura? Making stupid rhymes
A personality tester calculator.
on the way home.
And here are the results!
to attack your opponent's weak spot.
Here they come...
You are very brave
Uh, well...
You want to fix him 'cuz
Say it! Say it!!
get even with Hayama?
What's he doing?
Come and get me!
I'm NOT being raped!
I have ajob!
Is there the escaping match?
There's no such thing!
I can't be like this forever!
A tornado?
This is too cruel!
Hey, it's the pimp she's been talking about!
but only ten minutes!
Shit
Sana-chan,
Now I can beat Hayama!
In that ordinary classroom!
but today I digress.
when my friend suddenly invited me.
That rumor that I love you is true...
and a theatrical company called Komawari.
and pimp.
This isn't a school!
Isn't that a cute weak spot!
Rock-paper-scissors?
Oh my, she's serious.
and be prepared.
What is she thinking?
Why is he so quiet?
Are you giving up? Hayama-chan?
C'mon, don't go, Hayama-kun!
Yeah! Yeah!
Yes! I'm gonna win!
I'm gonna win cause I love heights!
It's dangerous!
He said Mmph just now!
OK! OK!
Where'd her confidence go?
This is my blindspot!
I lost...
It's too pathetic.
Um, I'm Onda from the publisher...
Not at all!
Though the sky shines, my heart's a midnight sky
Come on! Don't be so noisy!
If you're a teacher...
Tanaka-sensei's Confession
What in the devil's name happened?
Tell the truth...
I'm... uh...
We...
Don't dance any longer, please!
All that's what happened.
So you are so strong!
Rei-kun, you are so smart!
...but he's doing it too.
you hysteric psycho!
You're nothing but a little devil!
Look, it's his father.
Hey, what should we do? He's getting away, Sana-chan.
I can't forgive him after all he's done.
Don't push me, Sana-chan.
Hurry up! Now I'm gonna get even.
I got you now, Hayama!
You are just my teacher!
I'll plaster the town with this!
I waited for his reply
Living is a fault!
My name is Sana Kurata, 11 years old.
manager, lover...
Are you sure that's everything, Hayama?
and disrupting class from now on!
But they thought you were their king!
But you are against them...
Just shut up!
I'm really sorry.
Why don't you guys start studying for once?
Naked fun??
Ok, Gomi-kun, will you read from page 26?
Hayama-san.
What happened?
I feel like scales fell out of my nose!
Are you saying you have scales in your nose?
Well, since everything has gone well...
Hey.
Shut up!
Just Hayama-chan of them who listen to you...
but he's being beaten up!!
Sana-chan, you know where Akito-kun is?
What's that?
I'm still angry! We'd better leave him alone!
from Zenjirou's Child's Toy!
I'm not.
Why are you even here, anyway?
Hurry to get out of here!
Now he have to eat dinner all by himself...
So I disregard him on purpose!
Please tell what is your favorite color...
but you can wait longer.
Right! This selfdom doctor machine said that!
Bye bye!
That anyone in the world could have such a family...
Any questions about this?
Didn't you know?
Thanks, everyone.
I have trouble controlling myself drag you through this every year.
Sana-chan could no longer let him get away with it.
I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
You are not such a bad guy after all.
Something strange is going on here...
Boy, you're here early.
Thank you, God.
It's so peaceful...
Yes! This is called honest!
Are you happy?
He really is nice, isn't he?
Hayama!
or make a mess out of the class again.
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid...
WHAT'S WITH YOU!?
Are you ignoring me again?
Leave it to me.
You're suffering due to something, aren't you?
Don't you ever get tired?
Don't you think so too?
Not at all.
Why are you such a troublemaker?
Oh, good morning, Mama!
Oh, Rei-kun! Good morning!
I haven't seen you in that outfit before...
So here it is!
Sana-chan!
I'm fine, really.
What is he?
but he rejected me.
What is he, anyway?!
What? What did I say?
This funny scene can't appear ever!
But there's anything else in that!
We're going to deliver this thing.
Oh, it's no use to show the back.
Why's that?
You can't let it go on like this, Hayama.
Don't mention it.
I wasn't too thrilled because it was a little too gloomy...
Wait and see, Hayama.
I get it.
Abandoning the other love...
Huh... give me the true kiss!
Mama. She's an Aoki Award-winning writer with a squirrel living on her head.
You killed Mom!
Hayama...
By the way, how about Hayama...
Akito-kun really believed that he was the son of a devil.
It's not like what he thought.
Well, now you know the reason he did such a cruel thing to Mami-chan.
They ARE weird! That family is SO strange!
I'm leaving, Mom!
Do it irresponsibly with a lot of effort!
It's just that...
I can't stand his family.
I can't wait to meet her. Should I introduce myself?
she was cast as my sister!
I agree. When I first found out that I'm a cop in this drama...
Sana-chan.
Pleased to meet you!
What kind of drama is it?
Why do you always think like that?
Scene 11: Action!
Ever since then I had to work to feed you.
Too much acting, huh? Here's a towel.
My favorite phrase is Hanpa wa pu...
Could you explain your enthusiasm for it?
but I do have enthusiasm ikigomi.
If you don't, I'll have to strangle all of you!
Maybe not.
That reminds me...
Here we go...
Sana-chan.
Well, uh...
He's acting weird today.
You too, Sana-chan. It's time for make-up.
As they were talking...
I guess he's asleep.
so you do too!
Oh, except for my Croquet technique...
Especially if they watch it together.
How it'll work... It's guaranteed by me!
The air date has arrived!
I'll ask that family to watch it again!
Aright!
Oh, Sana-chan!
Is Hayama- I mean, Akito-kun there?
And I told them a million times to watch it together!
Will I be defeated without a fight?
Why are you running away?
It starts pretty soon...
It's 8 PM!
Hey, do you want me to be your mom?
Dad...
When I saw him, I feel terrible! I hated him very much!
Hayama?
But I have overdone to you before!
But I have overdone to you before!
So the boy look back at me!
In that ordinary classroom!
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
it's time to get out of there!
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy, and good friend.
...will be your next commercial.
and then... and then... ...do this, that, and anything else I want to do for
Come on, pick one, pick one.
I'm going to win! I'm going to win! I'm going to win!
Bingo!
I think that the strength and sharpness of your chop are suited toward karate.
You rented a video?
This doesn't look like a weird video.
I've seen enough.
Is school... interesting?
The bathtub is available.
Inner tube! Swimsuit! Rubber raft! Skateboard! Watercolors!
Hayama, huh?
Okay!
Listen, proper sitting and cleaning are all part of the training.
You can talk for the rest of your life.
The girls can hold their own, but the boys are comparatively weak.
 --and there's juice. --One order of corncob! --Okay, coming up!
--Not like that! Not like that! It's not like that! --I'm no good...
Rei-kun...
Sana-chan, if you're turning down work like this...
Sana, become a little more famous than other children.
Now that she has fulfilled her promise,
 Chop! Chop! Chop! Hot stuff! Karate chop! 
Sana-chan is doing karate, too.
If somethings troubling you, tell your big brothuh here.
Is that right? Be careful not to get yourself hurt.
And he even took care of his dirty dishes!
I am in her debt for rescuing me when I was homeless.
Ah, they're so warm!
I won't have to put up with turning down playing with everyone,
or having to smile, even when I'm tired and sleepy.
Tomorrow's schedule is wide open!
Sana-chan is retiring!?
Stop that, you idiot!
He's lying! Him! Him!
Keep your arm at your side, make a tight fist, and twist as you...
For a walk!
Come home soon!
You think so, really?
I've been waiting for an answer.
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
You can't ignore it either.
when the children go home,
You can tell it accurately.
The existence is a mistake
It's your fault. Everything's all your fault!
It hurts even when you're only acting, H
Even before you were born.
It was kind of funny.
Very tired, I am tired out
Oyakodon-baka, I guess.
I guess tonight is Oyakodon.
And his father put him on his shoulder
He is a kid of course.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know...!!
Thanks. That's nice.
Good morning!
What are you doing?
Wow, I'll do it definitely!
But I am just a kid?
That's so cool, wow...
Got over your cold huh?
It just can't be, can't be...
Well, it means you're going to have to watch out!
Thinking about going with this headdress - what do you think?
Let's go to bed early,
I gonna do,
what am I gonna do, oh Rei-kun!
What's the matter Sana? Rei-kun's stomach hurts!
See, you've calmed down haven't you?
gotta call the ambulance, the ambulance!!
If isn't so
Asako-san!!
He said he'd wait for me
He is a loyal a fan.
Where do you learn such things?
Yes?
But...!
That man,
In other words, a homeless bum!
I guess after he got dumped by a horrible woman
Oh crap, I think I talked too much!
Job Finished!!
When i am together with Asako-san
There's no way, there's no way, watch out for fire!
When the time comes, try to stay calm.
Show me your face...
Rei-kun where are you?
my love confession is on schedule
Child's toy
is true, yes it is.
Please, our relationship...
Don't be so easy going
What the hell is that?
you've become a pedophile?
What? Asako!
Oh, there you are! What are you doing, Asako-chan!
Silence
Asako-san...
It's okay.
Hmph.
He was going to put her picture up on a tree at night...
But you know...
Hayama, What's That Look?
You're... Tsuyoshi-kun, right?
T... twisted brat Hayama...!
Aaarrg, how did you...
I am back!
Mama, are you listening?
Rei-kun!
Rei-kun, Rei-kun, I've always wanted a boyfriend. Will you be mine?
It's still just pretend.
Akito-kun wait up!
Oh this refreshing May weather,
Well the train I rode in had a flat tire...
There's no tires on trains, silly!!
Don't you take a lift by your boyfriend as usual?
I understand. If you get too close to me...
Tomorrow, I don't have to work.
It's a Social Studies field trip.
Don't know your number.
They've gotta be joking, making us walk.
That's strange that you showed up to a thing like this!
The observatory's up high, high, really high!
Hey, now I feel crappy like
Huh, what was that?
Go ahead and tell the person you like...
Of course!
Wow, no way, oh my gosh Sana-chan!
I got a little better.
I gonna do?
The cliche...
In great distress...
We became the merry-go-round.
but today I digress.
He was there...
when my friend suddenly invited me.
Is it a sin if I sneak into you heart
I'm Kurata Sana!
I'm a 6th grade child actress.
Mum, she is Maro-chan with squirrel on her head.
What kind of introduction is that?
Then the problem child Hayama brings
YOU! What did you just...?!!
He was leaving my lips pure!!
Fight it, Tsuyoshi! This isn't a classroom!
but I had to see with my own eyes,
Hey! Do you think that's boyfriend?
Hold the elevator!
I have become impure irrevocably.
That's it!
Sensei!! I beg you for a manuscript!!
O Lord, O Buddha, save me save me save me...
That was just a show of my kindness
Forgive me, forgive me, forgive me
I'll bet she's still mad.
Mitsuya-Sensei has improved...
What...! Bastard! Are you kidnapping me?!
Sensei, you often say it works.
I see. You have nice eyes.
you're walking out of my house?
And so I'll just think of yesterday
If they can't see your face, the fans will be sad.
There's a reason for this.
Maybe I'll sing!
Well, then, you're his fan, right?
Good evening.
Sana, there's a lot of good job offers.
I don't need anything but Kodocha.
I can't say yet, not even to you.
Ah, so you've got your evil powers
and take care of it already.
that I was your first love.
It's painful.
Rei-kun
when will it be okay?
I was arrogant before
I'm Kurata Sana!
What's with her?!
What? What? What is it?
E... Excuse me!
No, it's all right.
I'm sure she'll realize that soon.
it's the editing room for me...
Who does know? I don't know!
I'm in 2nd grade!
NO! Let me go, Big Brother! Big Brother!
What are you, stupid?
Hayama...!
Okay! Thank you!
That's why... that's why you don't have to know it now.
I totally forgot about what was bothering me.
Oh, I'm remembering again!
It bugs me, it bugs me, this Asako-san.
but Sagami-kun is not.
Rei-kun is my lover and...
what are you gonna do if you don't go home?
Now you realized it?
I just feel humiliated.
will she be as humiliated as I am?
If you hadn't been seeing
Yes. Yeah, that's probably so.
That's so, I say.
Two People, Two Planets.
Oh, really. Well, then, have it your way.
I may be in a faraway city and ruined my life.
But he was listening to me very seriously just now.
That the time for me to dream
on your account is over.
I'm okay, but why...?
I'm OK.
My friend call upon me suddenly
That guy is here too
That rumor that I love you is true,
Whether you're awake or asleep,
of your other love?
The squirrel on my mother's head is Maro-chan.
But...
Here I go... Ahahaha.
Forgive me. My manager, to compensate,
For those accidents that won't happen, injury insurance!
I can't do anymore!
Oh, I can keep doing these kinds of scenes forever.
In the winter too with ice cream, kyah!
In the morning too, again too, with ice cream, kyan!
The luminescence of a pearl. Pearl eye drops!
I feel better because I took some medicine.
Let's continue next week on this note.
You got more commercials?
Rei-kun, the road to great manager-dom is a long one.
Of course.
Yes?
Oh, Rei...
He always eats very fast.
Really unbelievable.
He always behaves strangely.
Are our heads on the same level?
His voice sounded pretty steady.
so hang on.
Look, raise your eyebrows.
Hayama and I, who usually talk
The family of Hayama-san may come this way.
Hayama-father
He has an ulcer in his stomach.
Sana-chan, you came too.
Babbit came too.
Please get well soon.
Yeah, old man.
Hayama,
See ya.
Here. Here, I said.
Listen,
That's not thing a good girl does.
Would you like to have a drink, huh, Akito?
Hayama father, you must get out of the hospital soon.
Very moving.
The absolute live
yes it is.
You're asking for something not there.
but we've parted!
The lovely white bat, I am Babbit.
This Time, Sana is the Lonely Wolf!
Okay, already!
You have so much energy! Alright.
I... I...
You have quite a lot of confidence.
shed a skin or two to grow as an actress.
It's good! Hatchimitsumikanpai!
Sana-chan, good work!
Promise
Yeah, from this afternoon.
Yeah! I'll go. I mean, we're best friends!
Alright, I'll think of something good to give.
I guess 2 weeks of straight
and slept right through Hisae-chan's birthday.
No! No! No!
Yeah, that was terrible.
Sorry...
Oh, a fight.
You're so soft, Aya-chan. Huh?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter. It is only for a little while longer.
What? Are you saying this is from accepting too much work?
This can't be Sana-chan.
I must...
No, I hate notes like these.
I saw it, I saw it.
Fighting! Fighting! Go and have a look.
Everyone, to the staff room!
He has a wild look in his eyes.
But...
This time, it really was my fault.
You're carefree, aren't you?
I didn't say that I fight for you.
He was fighting violently just now.
I shoot with Zenjirou's kangaroo,
I even went to his little sister's second grade class,
My friend call upon me suddenly
You can't ignore it either.
Today's incident is burning love!
What?
His parents divorced.
Let's GO!!!!!
I've settled all the legal procedures.
you devilish brat!
Come back here!
But when we left just now,
Ahhh, I can't get a husband now...
My family told me that he didn't call me.
Wait. Don't you dare come any closer!!
so I'm gonna go visit.
Do come on over!
is always calm and serene...
Us?
When's he coming?
Dad's...
annoying dads and flying dads...
What?
You've all been a great help.
What a foolish thing to say!
I mean, you hear of divorces often so he seems like he's gonna be okay!
So you're gonna be able to come to school tomorrow, right?
Sorry to make you guys worry.
Oh Tsuyoshi-kun, you're so proper.
If I can be any help, please let me know.
Tomorrow is your birthday, right?
It doesn't even cover tax!!
Thanks, Akito-kun!
Sana, you're home?
Did you find Tsuyoshi-kun?
Yes.
That's the first time I saw a panicky Hayama-kun.
What do you think of him?
Whaaaat?
Shake-shake-shake, shake your booty!
See you tomorrow in school!
Aya-chan's a really concerned, worrisome person!
You're slow.
thank you very much three times!
Oh mommy, give me a hug!
He is a great brother to Ao-chan.
No way, Aya-chan!!!
Wow... A love confession from Sugita...
Akito-kun, are you plotting something?
We were in a different class in fifth grade!
A seducer
He's mad again.
That was water in a sleeping eye.
Let's do something big and cool...
This week's Sana and Zenjirou-chan!
Sana
Now I like Akito-kun better.
What the hell with that?
Well okay,
Yeah bye-bye!
The absolute live
So boy, please watch back
of your other love?
Please, our relationship...
I want to start writing that.
have been more than met.
So when do you think it will be ready?
but good luck mama!
Trip field trip yeah yeah yeah!
Bathroom, I'm not sure...
What are you talking about?
Morning Tsuyoshi-kun!
Well I think this is going to be a problem.
you wrinkly hag.
Oh, Sensei.
It's NaruNaru!
Thank you, thank you!
We're off!
Dumb idiot.
What did you bring for snacks?
I wonder if mayo is a snack.
But the problem is not that,
Where did you shoot?
Hey tanuki, how're you doing?
Firefly Hotel?
We still have the fatty parts.
Hey, let's stay up all night okay?
Oh okay.
It's NaruNaru's laugh.
What? We...
That's not fair, you guys!
Hayama, you like sushi?
Principal, these two are especially problems.
and you're becoming more and more frank.
So that was a good thing...
Isn't it good?
Ho ho ho...
I want to go home.
You look nice normal too.
Arrgghh!
I know you're going to!
You have a problem don't you?
You must have a problem.
Yeah. What about?
Do you want me to keep my promise Sana?
That guy is here too
To survive is a mistake.
sweet mama, panicky mama, they're all nice!
ex-boyfriend and how do you say, my ex-pimp.
Oh, God!
He was my boyfriend for a long time, but...
Akito-kun, he had been my natural enemy.
I can't forgive such idiot.
But Sana-chan's victory once again, and
That's all for today's story,
Are you ready?
But I don't think
So you must live for the both of us, Ah-chan.
Anyway, there's no way your mother doesn't like you.
So far all I know is that the title is My Daughter and I
A huge sensation!
Sensei, what do you mean by a huge sensation
I won't tell you.
Hayama's family discussion
it would be fun,
You'll tell me everything
I was soft in my heart...
I think.
You just really smiled, Hayama!
You're running away now
Step! Step! Awesome awesome, Hayama's smile.
Don't be embarrassed Hayama, look this way Hayama!
It was a mistake after all,
Hey come on Hayama, smile for me... etc. Etc.
Wow we're so amazing ha ha ha...
There's almost no firefly.
When?
Is there something going on??
I'm home!
Did you get the manuscript done?
Yes? Great job!
I'm glad, it's the usual Sana-chan, no change.
The essay will be published at the beginning of summer.
A boy?
You don't know?
and their eyes have lakes in them and shine a lot.
Are you idiot?
Not really.
Let it be.
Yeah, you look great.
I learned from the art troupe.
Wow, he's prettier than when I put on makeup!
Great. He's really pretty and he's doing a drama right now too.
Start!
My friend call upon me suddenly
The sun is setting
I'm Kurata Sana!
W... Wait!!
What do you mean
Hey what what that's not it?
What the Heck is Naozumi-kun?
Did you think you had a weakness?
No, I can't say that one it's too outrageous!!
So I...
theater productions every year too.
Everything?
What, the same?
Oh no I have to go!
No, I must investigate...
If you don't think then you won't worry,
Then everything's cool!
W... what is it?
I'm asking about the contents of the book.
that you cannot keep secrets.
Eeek, my crotch might split.
It doesn't matter.
the performance of the play,
How's this one?
Oh his eyes are blue.
What's she like, she's like on TV.
Yep, just like that.
Which one?
Huh? Akito-kun?
live performance, that's theater!
Calm down a little bit.
This Yucy is Sana-chan right?
in the ten millions of yens. 100,000
without signing to any agencies, it's amazing.
refreshing refreshing, being nervous is fun!!
The Play Continues!
Sana-chan's brilliance comes naturally to her.
there are times when you have to
Ahhhh, wow Sana-chan!!
But I don't want to forget to smile.
please take each other's hands!
Thank you.
And now, our special guest...
Darn!
Oh, my button came off.
Akito-kun, why?
I've been practice for long
My friend call upon me suddenly
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
I always feel Relax,
You hit Babbit, too.
You're open! Uchiyamada-kun!
Wow, Sana-chan, you're really good. You must come here to play a lawt, huh?
My very cute little sister!
--Don't use the show for your own poiposes! --Sana-chan,
At the time, you promised never to see them again, right?
Mm-hmm! Know what? Know what? Know what?
Mawiko wants to see Sana-chan! I wanna see her!
What about Sana-chan?
But we've met her before, huh?
Back up, back up!
Sorry, but where did you put that one dark green blouse with the stain?
Okay, I'll be right back. Stay here, okay?
Yeah...
The blouse with the stain, right? Just a moment, please.
Sana-chan... Sana-chan...
So, Sana-chan will be traveling by the location bus?
Is this awl!? There's hawdly anything left at awl!
Who are you!?
Mawiko was hungwy.
Your name is Mariko-chan, huh? Are you one of the kids on "Child's Toy"?
"Unworried by her parents' concern..."
Any idea where...?
Mama...?
This is why dramas are so tense!
"Rei-kun's route" means Rei-kun's old friends, the homeless network.
Fine, you can go home.
You want me to look for this kid's parents? Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
Today, we have the always-cheerful Kurata Sana-chan, from "Child's Toy."
when the ingredients include a search for someone who is missing!
Push the sour plums in, too.
All done!
Shall we have seconds?
she's been saying she was going to see Sana-chan,
No, it's my fault.
I left Mariko all alone, and went back inside the house.
Out of the way! Out of the way!
Whaddya know? Looks like Sana-chan is busy, too.
Potty!
He's following her now!
--Mariko! --Mariko-chan!
Thank goodness you're safe!
Mariko-chan's papa turned white as a sheet!
Rhythm: an easygoing waltz.
 I really love you! 
...for two.
Please don't be embarrassed.
It's time to go home!
Today's incident is burning love!
Akito Hayama is my natural enemy and a friend.
is released today.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for your support, everyone!
Save me, Sana-chan.
Hayama!
Thank you, thank you. I'll close the scene.
by the God of Theatre!
She looked like a goddess...
When you're older, you wanna marry me?
He is Sensei's ex-husband.
Please don't say stuff like that.
and I'll increase it for ya.
Mama is operating the 175,000 yen radio controlled...
This is fun.
You won that Aoki Award with the novel you wrote using me as a model.
Yes ma'am.
you could give me a vase, or the hanging scroll in the living room.
When you don't have a ginger root, have a garlic clove
If something upsets you...
Kawamura will comfort you.
Only if I press the button.
You know that an essay usually tells you a true story, don't you?
But between me and my daughter...
When I was twenty, in the third year of my marriage...
Of course, there were other reasons for my divorce.
Nothing else!
We want to know...
Mother has nothing to do with this.
My odds of being able to conceive were a mere five percent...
The baby was almost newly born.
I formally adopted her, overcoming the opposition of the people around me.
Please go away!!
What you wrote in your essay, is it true?
Can you talk about your opinion?
Sensei!
Stop, Rei-kun.
Hayama!
Hey! It's dangerous to carry a passenger on the back seat of a bike!
What's wrong with the bike?
Thought so - how was it?
We became the merry-go-round.
I'll tell you my heart!
In a city without light...
Here.
I've seen Mama and Rei argue.
I love you, Mama. I love you.
filled me with joy.
Besides, the press hasn't left yet.
Ahh! When did Hayama's sister get here...?
Then I will stay overnight with you!
I don't need a bra yet.
You pervert!
They're big and there's three in a row.
But I won't tell you where they are.
Don't worry. That topic won't come up anywhere.
Oh, Hayama!
Hayama, you need a fake beard!
Let's go. Act normal.
Let's just hurry up and get the ramen.
What? According to my sources,
I am Zenjiro's manager.
My name is Sanekichi Higashiyamato.
Is Zenjiro-san in?
You can count on me.
Oooops!
Don't get a new one NOW.
But enough about me...
A rumor lasts but nine days, and all that.
if I ask you not to, will you?
Ha... ha... o... ya... na... no... ri... de...
Hahaoya nanori de nasai Mother reveal yourself
for that five percent chance.
It's my dream to work hard in this business...
I've never thought I was unlucky.
Akito, are you ready?
I'm going to school now.
You don't get chances to rest like this often.
Naozumi!!
You're not listening, are you?
We may owe Naozumi-kun.
She said she was a married woman...
Nobody is in. Please record your message.
This is Sagami. Thank you for looking after Sana-chan.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
Akito-kun, has something happened to Sana-chan?
He was there...
It's time to go home!
You can tell it accurately.
Please, don't blame our relationship...
Yes.
Sensei.
Fine, then.
Yes, thanks to you.
She has the same face.
Sit for 3 years and run for 8 more!
I'll be fourteen in two and a half years
Really surprised...
We are at a loss, too.
Oh, my father's dead.
and didn't come home.
So I felt so Ionely at that time.
Didn't you think of an abortion?
Yes.
Isn't there anything more serious than that?
This is important.
Sana who's singing You're gonna sing?
My name would be Kurata Samu. Sangatsu Muika is 6th of March.
I speak English very well.
I'm not in a position to laugh.
Is that so?
Sana-chan made a promise to meet her again on Sunday.
Uh, well, yeah. Can Tsuyoshi join us?
Mariko-chan?
Both of you are walking funny.
Mom, she dropped something.
Oh, this is bad!
I'm all right!
You're brave, Mariko-chan.
very grateful to you...
Were they? No, it's not that.
You're damn loud, Ex-boyfriend.
Don't you know what I said?
your real mother would appear...
What's the matter with you, Hayama?
Akito-kun is laughing.
He was there...
Please don't be embarrassed.
and starting to miss you,
Huh... easy going
Living is a fault!
Next is the manga artist who really knows Kodomo, Miho Obana.
Now please watch this video clip.
Please put the desks back!
I know the truth about you adults. Everyone knows!
Get her.
Green onions, onions...
Do you really know the answer? Hayama!
I won't let you...
Damn! She is taking a weird pose.
You...
cost 30,000 yen.
How heavy is this human-weight doll in kg?
You devil! Devil child!
My Mom died giving birth to me.
Every word you say gets me mad.
What is the animal she changed into after this scene?
Shooting of the drama continues...
The filming of the drama was finished.
Say Hayama, do you feel Ionely without a mother?
Yes, of course.
Mum, why did you have me?
and I loved you before you were born.
I've said terrible things to Akito.
Ah, it is Sensei this time.
Please play the video!
Hayama-san, what is this photo?
Rei...
Rei, please call me. I'll be waiting for you.
Here is a mischievous jump in quiz.
Nobody can know that answer!
Is it true?
Do you want to give an answer?
I'm sorry, Mother.
The teacher will punished you soon!
He's all yours.
May I wait for you?
Eh? Asako-san?
Obana here.
Huh? Why?
O-Ba-Na. This is a really bizarre way of counting...
But...
No, he doesn't.
You can go back to Asako-san.
I...
that pops up in this show all the time?
So it is!
Honey, are you watching?
While we're still having a good time.
I'm going insane... should be used in a situation like this.
I've been acting like ajerk lately,
but today I digress.
That rumor that I love you
when the children go home,
The existence is a mistake
I'm Sana Kurata, 11 years old.
My ex-boyfriend, Rei Sagami!
Hayama Akito, my mortal enemy and best friend.
It's Naozumi-kun!
Well, yeah!
I have tons of luv to give...
If a lovely girl walked in and asked you a favor,
You're such a great guy!
They are away
OK, so I'm going now!
That means she was always watching you.
Watching your adventures...
I don't have time to be Ionely.
W-we're almost there, Sana-chan!
This path... This feeling...
I'm getting excited.
I'm the one who told 'em about Kamura Academy.
There's nothing to worry about!
Opps.
Now, I can do this and this...
Sana, shake my hand!
This girl used to live here with you.
He's real grownup, huh.
Welcome HOME?
regarding a lovely 6th grader like me, moron!
the great shining star Sana-chan is finished!
cake, cake!
Stupid. Turn into a fly and eat it!
I wanted some too!
He's nice at heart, but he has trouble showing it.
Stupid joke.
and the super-strong vacuum cleaner too!
It's handy being an anime.
I never said I would.
Who's Hayama?
Isn't she forgetting something?
but is bad at falling.
I'm an idiot!!
I think I'll use the next one on him!
Isn't life fun?
Looky, looky! If you wannit back,
If you have something to say, say it.
If you keep things inside, you'll get constipated!
but let's restart the party on the beach!
I'm Mika! I'm Yui!
And I am Suehiro Ruriko.
I'm Ayumi.
That rumor that I love you
is true, yes it is.
Whether you're awake or asleep,
Is it a sin if I sneak into your heart
by ridding you...
At sunset,
My former boyfriend Sagami Rei-kun.
"Pearly white teeth are made with 'Toothpaste Zetto' toothpaste!"...
and live a normal elementary school kid's life!!!
Are you two still at it?
You really are... you know.
Oh, nothing.
Is school... interesting?
I have... a favor to ask...
Nothing.
Start wiping, Hayama!
Y, you're looking pretty good there...
What do you want to know?
Or did you come here because you want to be a movie action hero?
I am sorry to keep you waiting
I don't want to go now
Yes, ma'am.
Sana will also go for it, go for it!
Hey! Wait a minute!
Sana-chan, you're worse than me...
Appreciate?
Otherwise, how could I stand in your side?
No one could hear it
How did you call me such tiem?
Y-you shouldn't joke like that
Yeah! That's right!
I hate it a hundred times! I hate it a thousand times!
So could you please stop yelling?
and painful things that happen.
Did someone bully you?
I'm sorry Sana-chan!
Yes sir.
Yes, sir. Thank you for dinner.
Sana-chan! I will always be by your side!
I warmed them up for you.
If I quit,
It's just a rumor,
Can you please turn this plane back to Japan??
Everyone stand up.
is going to continue on and on from now!
Retire?
Want to do something?
Hey, aren't you...
Who the hell is that in the afternoon at my house?!
Sana-chan, you can't retire!!
Stop it! Stop it!
Keep your arms close to your body, tighten your hand into a fist,
Okay, I'll do it!
but today I digress.
Really, I miss you all day and all night!
and starting to miss you...
my chauffeur, manager, and ex-boyfriend.
The name's Babbit!
I bet you come with your boyfriend!
No! I meant adorable LIKE a little sister!
Let's go together sometime! How about tomorrow?
Well, anyway...
Babbit here!
R, really? Wow, that's great!
Please don't trouble your mother.
Sorry about that.
Is Mariko going to be okay?
The blouse for stain removal, right?
Yeah!
Sana-chan's going to have make up done in the bus today?
Nothing's going good today.
Where's my lunch?
It's mostly gone!!
I was wrong.
Mariko!
It's a good thing this is anime.
Probably...
...she was saying that she wanted to see Sana-chan again.
I've got to find her!
Way to go, Rei-kun!
Zenjirou
Relax a bit.
Sanekichi, are you here?
A tiger, a tiger is on the screen...
Deluxe sausage!
Pickled plums. Small ones.
Be sure to cut the sausage into 5 or 6 pieces.
Press in the pickled plums too.
I need to find her! I need to look for her!
Put in lots!
Sana-chan!
Let's look for her then!
She's bound to be here somewhere!
Leave me alone!
What the...? THIS is my rental?!
What, you're a fan of Sana-chan's?
and tomorrow's forecast for the entire country is sunny...
I'd like to help, but I'm a tree so...
...Mariko is our life.
someone who fits Mariko's description!
Mariko-chan!
And after we heard the story from Zenjirou...
The rhythm is a careless waltz!
Lights on!
but today I digress.
Please don't be embarrassed.
let's burn the fire of love.
Is Sana-chan suddenly in for it?
Wow! Can we have an autograph?
That's right... I didn't realize it...
We're going to get optimistic about life
Let's come, come, over the rainbow!
all of you automatically go to junior high.
I heard before that this class was the worst...
but in actuality I'm doing this without him knowing.
My heart is of an angel!
Of course.
Everyone, take a look at the worksheet that was just handed out.
If you don't know the equation or how to...
I, I don't even understand where I don't understand.
Yes?
It's not your fault, Rei-kun...
Huh?
Mami-chan, Hisae-chan, Tsuyoshi-kun, and Hayama!
Sana-chan? Excuse me, helllooo?
Were you studying at home too?
We're all going to junior high together.
Friendship" huh?
It's hard-boiled Hayama-san, long time no see!
Yeah, yeah!
Hayama...
Clear all your troubles away, heh heh!
If you don't want it spread around...
Hayama...
But he said...
Ahhh, Aya-chan! What should I do????
It would be really bad if anyone were to hear us.
What the hell, Kurata?
You're still in your indoor shoes you know.
Especially if Andoh-sensei sees it...
Yes, That picture... we have to do what was blackmailed.
A conspiracy is the secret planning of a wrongdoing.
Stupid! Stupid!
Oh no...
so that they understand the material!
We want to be able to go to junior high with Sana-chan.
Right, this is the education we want!
OH MY GOD!!!!
What children need now...
Let's limbo, all right!! The students are cheering me on.
Okay, Andoh-sensei! It's time for a record breaking challenge!
when my friend suddenly invited me.
We became the merry-go-round.
He was there...
when my friend suddenly invited me.
You can tell it accurately.
Tsuyoshi-kun and Aya-chan! These two are always in action!
Ku-ro-su-ke.
Do you want to try too?
Do you want to try?
I can give him some water with this?
But you do have to make sure you don't give them too much.
Oh, I see.
What did you do to Mami-chan?!
Don't cha feel like talking about it with me?
Aww! What a cute white bat!
Heh, just kidding...
by Hayama-kun were torturing her, right?
Babbit came too.
I went home early so you
Come on, come on.
hanging around here.
I guess...
It must be...
you can't take it back.
So what do I do?
Happy, happy, happy, everyone's happy!
Mami-chan, are you okay?
A wig!
How's THIS?
What about THIS one?
Akito Hayama!
Today is 'Experiencing a Saying Series: Episode One'!
and if you fall it's game over.
Sana-chan, hang in there!
'Saneyan' seems to be a nickname that only Zenjirou-san can use...
Oh, Sana-chan!
Is he absent today?
Stop fooling around!
Hmm... I wonder what Hisae-chan is drawing?
Hayama isn't here!
I'm done,
It's the bench!
Yes.
What is it? Kurosuke...
...then you can hate me for the rest of my life!
But if...? I forgot what I was going to say!
Hmm...
Well Mami-chan seems okay too!
Show out the unique skill
That guy is here too
But today it's different
Usual classroom
You can't ignore it either.
Is it a sin if I sneak into you heart
Please, our relationship...
You're asking for something not there.
And the squirrel on her head is Maro-chan.
According to one source, he's 13 years old.
Tell me anything!
He said it doesn't matter.
They were all excited.
talk too much and take too long on cleaning duty
All right, let's give it a go!
Elementary school kids are not old fogies OR old hags!
Okay, Sana-chan.
Okay, scene cut!
I can't leave him this way but if I take him somewhere,
Why don't you talk about it with someone?
get MUCH more complicated than they are.
HAYAMA! What was that for?
That's why I'm saying don't.
Hisae-chan, Eri-chan, let's go check up on Tsuyoshi-kun!
Come on, come on.
This person doesn't get it
So just say it babbito!
Are you okay?
in the morning gets her mad.
Chick?
I sneaked out during lunch and bought one.
Yes... I gave it to her.
...we'd be able to keep him here...
Aono...
An apartment has many different people living in it,
Then, can I keep him at our old house?
It's been years since I saw a chicken.
Well...
It very well might be.
Ajob well done!
Rei-kun!
Kekokeko-o-ke-ko!
I understand.
melancholy misunderstanding, I suppose?
W... what's this??
to be stared at so intently...
But Sana-chan, isn't this a male chicken?
No!
Hello! Is Piyoko there?
so she should be found soon.
If this kind of person is Sana-chan's mother...
I'm embarrassed at myself for
That will take in Piyoko.
Sana-chan, I'm begging you
Sana-chan,
if there was a monkey along with that, you would be Momotaro.
If it's school, it's a wide open space
I'm sorry for
but you REALLY are
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and yet you always shilly-shally,
--Good morning.
I don't know what I would do!
If talking to him won't work, I'll sing!
There's a bright, enjoyable middle-school life waiting ahead for us.
That's six months away.
Yes. The road you must go down is endlessly long.
What is this, a folk song?
Sensei, how come!?
Our class test average is 15 points below the others.
I've been hiding under the podium for a while.
Here's a visualization.
For whatever I said, I really don't have the principal's permission to do this.
However... however... if I must, I will play the ogre!
Of course.
Tanaka-sensei...
Everything we have studied up to now has been compiled on here.
Sensei!
This is difficult for me to tell you...
but I don't get math at all.
Most importantly, Sana, you don't have any reason to be famous anymore.
Hisae-chan, Tsuyoshi-kun, and Hayama, wouldn't it!?
 Pi is 3.14! --What's so bad about math? What's so bad about math?
Mm-hmm! Thanks! That's real friendship!
Akito-kun...
"Hayama, son, where are you going!?"
I- is that...!?
Y- you can't... hey, you can't...! What are you planning to do with that!?
"Over the mountains, far to travel,
Hayama, you believed in me, and yet you said that...
Sana-chan,
It's the truth.
But why would he be doing this now?
S- Sana-chan...
--You're shameless! --Make-out?
I thought you weren't any good at defense.
Well, it's just...
You said you didn't have any more pictures!
Let me see that picture!
I don't even have it!
I- I've become like the despised teacher in a young adult drama...
Everyone, value your friendships. I will call off the test.
the exhilaration of that summer...!
Let's limbo goes on!
Huh? They still say it now?
You can't ignore it either.
Lend me some cash!
I have no money to lend to YOU! I have no money to lend to YOU!
This is Rei-kun!
Where did you go?!
This one
You still have something to say?
And that's Hanma Akajia!
That's TOO 'it doesn't need an introduction'.
It's a turn to seriousness!!
I've been chasing after my huge dreams.
I traveled all over Japan's mountains in search of Tokugawa's gold!
I need money for those kind
Unless I make some money before the day after tomorrow,
I'll be put into a sumaki
and tossed into the Tokyo river.
So anyway, sumaki is...
You're not thinking...
Well, I won't lose my head.
I would help him once
Lately, Kodocha has been too hard
Yes, with Sana-chan.
Sana-chan, what kind ofjob is it?
Well, actually...
That jerk!!
He somehow reminded me of you
What about YOU??
You forced a kiss on me...
Putting my hands on my hips, I laugh heartily!
Glass-sun, glass-sun, sunglasses!
Out where?
Zenjirou-san came and picked her up in his car early this morning.
Coming!
She's not the type of girl to go on a drive
Hey, thanks for coming!
Mr. Big, er, the manager.
It's a delicious one, isn't it?
How?
You have no right to talk to me like that.
is tonight's party.
Yes?
S... stop it with that shiny thing!
...we have arranged something at your request!
When Kurata comes out, run in and cause a lot of chaos.
That hurt, Akito-kun...
He has a dimple!
Don't take us for fools!
This week's Sana-chan! Dojou!
Mama, I'm sorry
The doll...
The cliche...
when my friend suddenly invited me.
In a city without light...
You're asking for something not there.
I'm Sana Kurata!
Sana-chan, come visit again soon.
Rooaaaasted sweet potatoooo!!!
It's a bit popular among the girls right now: A middle birthday!
One, two, three, four, five, and what comes next...?
Energetically, zestfully, Ave Maria.
Jingle, festive, Christmas Eve...
Jingle, Jesus Christ's birthday!
Jesus Christ's birthday?
Huh, why?
Shit
Which is it?
I am Sana Kurata.
so now, that night!
...Hayama-daddy's secret lover!
Living in this world...
Floating on the harbor...
The state of my dad?
But they could just be acquaintances from work or something.
Will we investigate this, eh
Watson-kun!
What about the case?
It's Watson-kun!
Come on! Let's go!
he looks magnificent regardless of what he's doing.
Sana-chan?
Ow, the dust...
What the heck was that for, Sana-chan!
They're definitely being romantic!
Hayama, what are you going to do?
Oh, so they're just acquaintances.
But when I'm in that situation, I don't like it!
It's a little sudden, but she'll be coming over tonight.
Oh no! Oh no! Sana-chan, what do we do?
feel free to use all the dirty pool you want!
Okay, baby's luck!
Have a good one!
Okay!
Hayama-daddy is unique He keeps buying strange things through mail order
And went on a rage in class flipping over a desk!
You understand!
Final weapon?
The reason why he's not good at talking is because
Married?
Not me!
It's the marriage of you and Shiori-san!
Is that so?
Using the letters 'autumn' and 'person', it's 'Akito'.
What are you going to do if she's a girl?
The rest l-
Hey, Hayama! Don't go out in the yard without shoes on!
Akito-kun said he wants to hear the rest from his father in his father's words.
It seems like everything went well.
All our hard work paid off!
He is a weird father
I may have my mind made up...
and starting to miss you...
This is rare...
Is that so?
Skip! Skip! Lan, lan, lan!
It's just the cover.
Sensei, that was cute.
You've grown up so much!
Last time! I saw you, you were about this big.
Because of that,
Wow...
So now, Misako sama please be well! Goodbye!
You're looking well!
This is the third president of Kusatsu hot springs.
Next person
Misako-san, a marriage will last...
Hot!!
And as soon as she entered college,
Then she suddenly adopted an abandoned child.
That can't be wrong
My plan failed, as I didn't think Misako-san's tastes
If Misako-san does not carry on Kurata-ya,
The Kusatsu spas aren't that far from here...
she'd probably come over more often.
I feel a bit sorry for Sana-chan.
Ouch! I nearly have no hair
Rei-kun still has no clue of what's going on.
Welcome! May I take your order?
She didn't even chuckle whilst watching Sana-chan's acting!
What a cold old hag!
Sana-chan! Use this and defeat that hard headed old hag and...
She's number one when talking about comer cial stars!
Let's be much closer from now on, Sana-chan!
Is that all right?
My lady! We have the people from the Babbit Gang coming in!
All of you. I be leaving now!
This is the road to a wonderful head clerk!
I think I've heard those words before...
Mama said them before!
Whaaaat?!
What the heck?!
Sana-chan! You are the source of all laughter!
Mama flew!
So she sets up an arranged marriage for Sana-chan only in elementary school?
I think that's still a ways away.
so if you do anything rash, it will hit you hard.
Grandma, take care!
I waited for his reply
I've been acting like ajerk lately...
when my friend suddenly invited me.
You can't ignore it either.
Abandoning the other love...
The actress Asako Kurumi!
Isn't it funny?
Hey, Rei-kun! The light's green!
It's GREEN!!
And what the heck is this you were looking away from road?!
And don't keep looking away as we discuss this!!
Ouch!
That article is a total lie!
someone's going to steal Asako-san away from you in the blink of an eye!
You haven't seen her??
NNo! We can't!
Well, get ready to go.
WE, Kodocha, have now taken over this show!!
but that's all he's got.
It's Kim-Kim!!
This drama is a very important job
Manager guideline number one safe driving!
Bye!
Come on!
Let's investigate the relationship between Takuya-san and get the truth!
YYeah. Wwell, it's a thing of the past!
At any rate, both of you keep an eye on them.
Over.
Of course!
Wanted you to take a look at it too, he says. Over.
Of course! I'd love to go, she says. Over.
Where, where, where??!
See you all later!
Ack! Those two
All right!
Geez, try being in my shoes, would you?
Really,
How do you do that?? Hey, how do you do that???
I'm happy to hear you say that.
Hey, say those lines!
Here?
you desire.
Mushy! It's too mushy!!
Yes, very much so!
that I've been getting
Are you IISTENING, SAGAMI??!?!
Asako-san seems to have a kiss scene in the drama.
The relationship between Asako,
Presently, the two are enjoying a romantic dinner. Over.
A-kiss is nothing to an actress.
and actress has to create those feelings.
So, Asako-san might really have fallen for Kimuchi-kun, you see?
Instead of kissing someone because you like them,
Excuse us for a moment!
Tonight's date is nothing more to see!
That's all for tonight! See you next week!
At any rate,
No, I only want a single thing.
Mama.
But my fiancee is famous
WWhat is that???
If you had a promise like that,
when my friend suddenly invited me.
In that ordinary classroom!
I've been acting like ajerk lately...
In that ordinary classroom!
Really, I miss you all day and all night!
Please, don't blame our relationship...
In a city without light...
My chauffeur, manager, and ex - pimp Rei - kun!
Take a look at this romantic scene.
by 'romantic' you moron?!
What is this?!
What?! This too?
Too bad, huh, mister?
Okay, let her rip!
It's just made up anyway, right?
Can I have a little bit of your time?
Oh, Kurosaki - san, you have kids?
Is that your natural talent?
Are you pretty forward just like in TV? Huh?
Aren't you far ahead of the other girls in school and such?
Do you have a boy you're going out with?
Not Kamura - kun, but who?
No, it's real hard.
See you later, Sana - chan!
Oh good, the snakes are gone.
Sana - chan, how did you pass those reporters?
What's wrong, Sana - chan?
but then the morning anime was so interesting...
Oh no, I'm in ajam here.
Hayama are you in a bad mood?
Babiyoon! Ha, ha! You broke it!
All right, looks like he's finally gone.
Sorry, but I'm being stalked.
Heh! He's not so snaky at all!
Whoa, he's so dark that he won't come out in the picture.
Sagami - san! You have a phone call.
but they hung up, but it was for you.
Huh? From Rei - kun?
It's Hayama.
Kurata's manager.
I see you know a lot.
I just made it up.
And I, who am delivering that information, am doing a wonderful thing.
It's a different case than when it was with Kamura - kun.
Do not publicize Hayama - kun's picture.
For stomach medicine do you take pills or liquids?
So I wanted to write an article...
Help me out here, sister.
I'm sorry, Natsumi - san. It's okay.
Get out of my way. Hayama!
It's so obvious!
It's so obvious!
No matter how I think about it, it's strange!
Oh no! Ah!
This used to be hamburgers, didn't it?
'Our'?
Whoo! So wonderful!
Now while you do that, I'll make the salad.
Even if you are a snaky - old - guy your kids have grown up good natured.
that I got bitten by a cobra!
whilst keeping this in mind.
Akito! Hurry up and build my stegosaurus for me!
No problem, no problem! You father takes good pictures, doesn't he?
I don't care at all who gets hurt.
There are 50,000 people who'd love that kind of news.
It's because he's simple minded. That guy.
The cliche...
I've been acting like ajerk lately...
You can't ignore it either.
Huh... give me the true kiss!
let's burn the fire of love.
I'm Sana Kurata!
The mysterious white bat, Babbit!
That's pretty close to home.
suddenly went on a rampage against...
The suspect, placed under arrest by police who arrived on the scene, is...
Don't forget to brush your teeth after every meal.
Aono and I both think that he's a stranger...
it wouldn't matter.
Oniichan, let's go!
'Not really'??
You MORON!! WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THAT HAIR?!?
Y... Yes sir!
and it has nothing to do with me.
Don't worry about it, Aya - chan!
But now, I think he's regretting it.
so I'm bad too.
a tiny bit like Tsuyoshi - kun's situation...
and he starts to get really depressed.
Then one day, he wanders the town...
Yay!! I came in first!!
Let's go.
He had snapped and no one could stop him.
Did you get to see your father?
Why does Dad come up in the story here?
Uh... well...
You're not thinking about dying like in soap operas, are you?
But I can't say it...
What should I do...?
When I snap, no one knows what I'll do...
I have you...
but there isn't anyone anymore, so...
and chop him ahead of time before he snaps.
Even if they're separated.
even if it's not possible now.
Sana - chan. Your hands are so soft.
Oniichan.
Yeah. Those kids were skipping cram school to have some fun.
What kind of people?
They were just about Tsuyoshi-kun and Aono-chan's age and were siblings too.
I'm relieved, relieved, and pancakes!
Are you going to go, tomorrow?
You're not going? The next day!
He might be.
I'm going to go in place of Tsuyoshi - kun.
Yeah, let's go. You too. Hayama.
I... will not... go.
Mr. Ohki, why did you ignore him?
It's because Tsuyoshi looked away.
DAD!
Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad!
In great distress...
when my friend suddenly invited me.
I've been acting like ajerk lately...
That rumor that I love you is true,
Rei Sagami, my chauffeur, manager, and ex-boyfriend!
What happened?
you sent a postcard to Kodocha, didn't you?
What are you doing over with these girls??
What? What? What?
Gomi-kun started a fight with Hisae-san and the others
Tanaka-sensei! Please don't encourage them!
No well... it's not a lie... but...
so you were going to push it on me, weren't you?
You say something good once it a while, Gomi!
Hey YOU?? Did you just say Hey You to me??
Yeah I said it, I'm the type
Yeah yeah! Who would want ot?
What's wrong?
Let's do this!
Is correct... that's what it means!
Hayama!!
Ms. Kurata!!!
Yeah!!
Who cares either way?
The No clean up for us boys stay on the dirty side!
Everyone! Let's do it!!
And what shall happen to the fates of these two?
Ok Sensei, let's start class...
I said I wanted a wedding gown!!!
The girls will start also!
Tsuyoshi-kun...
That day... That Day...
SASAKI, DON'T just stand around1
The boys will not do cleaning
A problem?
Go right ahead do what you like,
it's all the girls fault anyway
Naru...
Doesn't matter!
HEY curry on the corner of your mouth!!
Trash created by the boys
Show the girls the Spirit of Japan!!! Yeah!
Leave it to me!
it's because the boys are wrong
That's not it, what do you think I should do?
Oh my, you've made a mess again
We thought something like this would happen so
That's not fair Girls
And plus I really like Aya so
No matter what let's get this over with
Sana-Chan! It's dangerous there!!
So can we say this story never happened?
Fall I said! I said fall, Hayama!
The current score, Guys 8 and Girls 8
Aya-chan go for it!
That's why i want you to dress up in a Tuxedo and even look better
It's best when the girls and boys get along
Can't even make it into a show! Zenjirou-san!
Who cares?
The absolute live
Though suffer a lot
I am still looking forward to your response
becomes turning cockhorse immediately
So boy, please watch back
That guy is here too
please don't be embarrassed.
I'm ajealous sixth-grader and Elementary School actress!
Ayano Hanamaru Koji Tomomi-chan,
Sana and you...
Okay than I'm off to play the main character for Nihondocha!
If I'm not there neither the meeting nor anything else can start so...
Yes, it seems her take for Kodocha is taking some time.
What? Sana-chan! How do you do that?
Excuse me! It's dangerous!
Sorry I'm so late!
Oh! Please to meet you!
Oh we haven't decided on that yet.
We're going to start deciding on thedrama parts
Yes?
That's a very good name, you have very good sense.
And he has weird eyebrows.
Oh that's great!
Is it alright? Is it alright?
If Zenjirou-san is coming, does that mean a lot of stars will show up too?
Aya-chan...
Say WHAT?!
we'll have to re-thinkour decision.
What is that producer Tsu thinking?
No, want to quit this job?
Don't joke around!
Kamura-san?
Sana-chan... please...
but we met during rehearsal.
Oh here!
Really? Thanks!!
Okay Nos-san!
I won't go
or make it Sana-chan?
Oh that! That's ok! I'll do it!!
Really?
Wow she's strict.
Oh really what is it?
Wa! That's so cool!!
It's rehearsal so I thought it'd be ok.
Good morning.
So that's not good.
Yep she's getting angry.
she's verykind and polite.
Finally after all the random explosions. This is the final product!
Today is the last day isn't it?
I'll tell that Tsu producer a thing or two.
for a long time I've tried hard
from when I was young
I can't take things seriously so I know
OH this is wonderful, now you have are a son to show up!
Hip hop Manzai
Hey so Tomomi-chan and Mayu-chan won't be coming after all?
Heh... why me?
I'm so happy!
Wait isn't that...?
I was arrogant before
So boy, please watch back
That guy is here too
Please, don't blame our relationship...
The squirrel on her head is Maro-chan.
Hayama Akito My mortal enemy
not nice, not nice!
Hey, Tsuyoshi-kun, let's do the homework together!
I'll go home first and tell my mom,
But they can do the homework for me!
The reason behind the presents
What is it, Tsuyoshi-kun?
Yeah.
it might make herjealous.
Yakimochi is made up of to bake and a rice cake... this is yakimochi.
Did Aya-chan see it?
How disturbing...
I can't do that... er...
nd take turns in answering the questions please.
So is that it? I see.
Wow, he really is acting a little strange.
Seems like he's avoiding me for some reason.
Just call my name!
That is quite normal
No, let's make that 100
Sana-chan, how did it go?
Aya-chan!
Aya-chan...
I can't go home with you now.
I can't go out with two girls
What a lame starting line...
Ooops,
Sensei,
I have business with Zenjirou-san.
be sure to watch again next week!
I can't see in front of me!
There's something we would like you to tell us.
Actually,
Really...
This is happening because Tsuyoshi-kun is so indecisive!
Then I will have to ask the girl a personal favor.
what happens next time when he gets
Isn't that great, Rei-kun?
and go out with that other girl?
Ah, Aya-chan!
Aya-chan,
Stupid isn't he?
it never happened?
I made this at school today,
together with Aya-chan!
if someone gets him?
I made this for you with my best effort, Tsuyoshi-kun.
then Aya-chan will make cookies again?
Let's go home!
In that ordinary classroom!
Huh... easy going
You're asking for something not there.
The Aoki Award winning Mama!
Think of your customers' satisfaction...
at a moment's notice.
Yes, I have a pre - ordained destiny to protect Sana - chan!
Nothing! Nothing!
Welcome!
Are you hurt at all?
I'm so glad you came, Sana - chan!
I'll be enjoying my stay!
That's my daughter! You were able to block!
Strange
Why is Hayama - kun sitting next to you?
all go to Kurata - ya!
The food is delicrous and the stall are all very kind.
DDad...
I AM NOT COMING BACK!!!
Thanks...
Just cause she doesn't have anyone to take her place...
Yes, it does seem like that's going to happen.
Are you okay, Zenjirou - sensei?
Hot! Hot!
Hey, it's Hayama - kun, isn't it? Long time, no see!
Boy, are you running away?
You're going on that?
isn't it?
The only scary thing is Sagami - kun's chief of staff training.
wandering about around here though.
There have been rumors about the Kunisada clan
Leader! You were here?!
got it?!
I feel a little embarrassed...
But please be sure to take care of Kurata - ya!
Enough with the old fashioned acting.
but those of you who want to stay,
Sana, Mr Kunisada is Mother's classmate
Wherever she goes,
Nothing special.
Hey, it's light Sensei,
Landlady! Landlady!
Is it already the end without me seeing my beloved Sana - chan?
So the boy look back at me!
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
it's time to get out of there!
I always feel Relax,
Sana-chan!
Yes?
Huh? Why am I hiding?
No...
Stay back...
Let go of me.
This won't do. If you're going to open it, be sure to close it. Hmm?
My, what a cute little bat!
--Babbit-san, I brought my friend. --Hey, it's the American...
but there's something wrong with Hayama, too. I wonder what.
He plunged Mami-chan into that pond, right?
I guess to Mami-chan, it isn't.
Would you go home without doing anything!?
Excuse me, it's a little to the left...
Oh, I see. I went home early, so you came because you were worried about me.
I think that when you wound someone's heart,
 chuck away the sadness and the pain, 
 every day is happy, happy, happy! 
So, which one is best, Mami-chan?
Mm-hmm! That is cute!
Let me introduce our members! Sasaki Tsuyoshi-kun!
Huh?
I wonder if your little first aid treatment wasn't something like that.
Hayama has been suffering too, huh?
but once you fawl, you can't get back up into the basin.
Yeah, I'm so pleased. Thank you.
Sensei, you know...
With a trophy for returning spilled water to the basin!
Mami-chan, we're all going!
Sana-chan's Kurosuke looks like this.
Don't drink too much water.
He's worried about Kurosuke, too.
Hayama...
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...for two.
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
You can't ignore it either
You can tell it accurately
Living is a fault!
That's so
Oh my, I'll have to cook a special dinner!
In fact it's the daily double
I'll help you, Sana!
You'll be doing it with Naozumi-kun again
That's not the only good thing, either.
do you think you could go with me somewhere on Christmas Eve?
You gotta go do makeup!
I have to go now, I'll see you at the commercial, okay?
Heeeey, hey hey!
I'm a serious girl!
Wow, Akito-kun, these are cute, aren't they?
The pants down picture...
And then, the kiss
That was Hayama-kun's one-sided action, the girls told me
B... But...
He's pumped up
Will he suddenly interfere with the fight?
What do you think you're doing? Stop it!
A KISS?!?!?
I didn't hear about this!
Current favorite color?
Mountain green, where the strawberries grow
It'll be the greatest art
kissing scenes are part of work, aren't they?
Well, I wasn't truly an eat-and-run lady
then a kiss scene should be nothing
It was One-sided, wasn't it?
No way!!
How the heck do you guys know about it?
Doing kissing scenes, isn't that hard?
Awww, what do you know, Hisae-san?
My face is my life, my teeth are my life
But if he's Naozumi-kun
Yeah, you're right, it's because of Sana-chan's kiss, right?
she'll really be all right
The gangster Sana-chan will be accompanied boy some henchmen
D... Did you say a kiss on the cheek?
MANAGER DISQUALIFICATION!!
Heh heh, all of a sudden I thought I wanted to see you
It was on the cheek
I'm going home, I shouldn't have come out here. Geez!
so turn around, boy dakara BOY
he was there!
Gosun is about this
You know how Hayama and I had to write...
I'll go!
What's that? What did you say?!
Then because Kamura Naozumi suddenly showed up...
with anything you give her
I knew it...
For your girlfriend? A Christmas present, right? Right?
Yeah you're right
Akito-kun, how about this?
How could I buy her flowers?
Just remember how you felt when you were given one
Akito
Hayama Daddy is weird nowadays
Akito!
Check!
Naozumi-kun! The party's tomorrow
It's not good!
What a Ionely Christmas Eve this will be
Hello, Sumire-chan?
Christmas is tiresome isn't it?
Eat more and more food please
Hayama, you like dinosaurs, don't you?
You like this dinosaurs, right?
then you wouldn't put it in your room
Never mind, let's just continue the party
This kind of Christmas is wrong! It's wrong!
But before that, there's a call waiting for you
And from everyone, we have a present for you
I took a phone call from Kamura-kun
Ehh??! From Kamura-kun?! So romantic!
I wonder if I'm like that to her
What are you doing?
Hayama's eyes sometimes mesmerizes people
Is today my first kiss?
What is this so early in the morning?
WHAAAT?
yes it is.
is it the bad thing?
It's too hard to finish all these introductions
This is fine, isn't it?
Aya-moth
Sana-chan
That's right. The Queen left her protection suit in her room!
I wonder if Princess Sana would find that funny...
I'll wear my protection suit!
That's a lot different from this one
Then again, Princess, that...
You're not going?
Mama says this is where...
That's...
Don't look me down!
He won't die for ever!
Cut that out!
They are the followers!
What? What?
You morons...
What kind ofjoke did you play on the forest god?
That's all?
I can't help it! I've never been a moth before
Oh, like this?
Can't we release pollen?
Yes, I must That's Andou-moth's opinion!
How dare you sprinkle pollen on me!
You're the Princess of Kuraata, aren't you?
...plus 4 round eyes...
This time, we'll be seeing primitive times
What does it matter if it's school or not?
Idiot!
Grandma, grandma!
Sana-chan in prison
See you again, Berarinbo!
...broken
What?
I'm going insane... should be used in a situation like this.
In that ordinary classroom!
They say I like you
Haipima Akito-kun
What are you doing?
Send me a gift?
At this moment
What happened?
Announced brokeup
Want to accept the financing of bank
In a word, I breakup
I am the assure, I have no any idea
What are you going to do from now on?
But it is true
What?
I will choose the west village in the front of the Lonseng
Pass the art gallery and listen to famous music
Your face will turn round after whipping
Just a moment, you
Why we, stand here this way?
Sana, the expect tomorrow will be born here
Look
Smile, lower sound
You are right, we can write as an essay
There is in the weekly
Do you want to eat
I am so happy,
The plan is canceled
Are you sad?
Put it to me
I will have fast food to eat while working
Carrying so many things
Sana's picture song, prepare paper and
Big face and two
Goodbye, every one
How did you wear so, that poor man
Who is he?
In fact I want to come to visit, too
It is good as long as he has the idea
If it is...
I can all to love
Good morning, Sana, Akito-kun
Yes
Yes
Sana
Then what you come here for?
Hapima
Good bye
Nothing, let me play occasionally
Uncle, your turn is nice
This is hot
If Hapima didn't come,
We will stay with you all the time
School
No, that way
When the kids go home
Don't blame our love
Return me
You don't run, return me
Maybe the school swimimg clothes are wonderful
Rei, this moment
The reason for canceling, too obliquity
It is very nice to meet you here
Sorry Mr. Sagami
Don't keep pretending
Mr. Sagami, don't ask it now
Run away
It should read Ajihu
Sana has no any job
Are these Mr. Jin and Ajihu
Nothing... Nothing, just had supper together
You lie
Mr. Sagami
If you like,
The songs follow all the life, the life follow the songs
The song meet of White Chrysanthemum
Sana, you are annoyed
Is this Rei's bowl?
Rei, Rei, look, look
How are you, Sana?
You think it over
Sad Rei Have not got ajob?
Sana, sorry
You said go on like this?
Thus, there is no necessary of us staying together
Thanks for your care so long a time, in fact not so long
It is unfair
OK, to seize the bad actor is too... too
Your attempt to cheat me join the ornament making company
Really suddenly
Sana
What, decide to work?
Yes
No, that way
is true, yes it is.
Whether you're awake or asleep,
My driver and broker, Rei Sagami, my ex-boyfriend!
Sana is really nice
Great
she didn't see the culprit, but she's killed finally
Doesn't it mean she's just a small role?
Let's begin
I'd like to write composition
Just a little,
There're still so much
I'll write 9.57 cm a week
However, it's impossible
Won't you vend the book for Sana?
I planed to hand in the book to other publishing company to vend
Isn't it there?
Don't do that
I care about that very much
Sana, is it OK this time?
Sana
In half an hour
Specifically, specifically...
I planned to strike it off
I'm hungry
I want to eat noodle
I tell you, Sana,
I don't want to eat the noodle, I can't write out the draft
I know
Two hours has passed, go to bed
Sorry, I'll work tomorrow morning
What?
I don't scare to interrupt the draft, on scratch
What?
Sana
Right, it's true
What a mercy that the chief editor and I have the bargaining result
Since you care about Sana's book like that
As long as you live, then you have the hope
my shoulders are stark and painful
The work made me feel toilsome
I make a feature ofjustice
Which song will you sing?
Right
OK, I sober down now
Misako
Write it, write it
Of course I'm tried, but I'm glad to write the article
My family
Is that so?
But
I'll take good care of this child
Do you want to hide anything?
Don't think of anything, it's really good
let the proprieter of the ornament facture company win
Thank you, I'll try my best
It's almost late
Great, Sana
Lie down, have a good rest, then you may go
I want to sleep now Please come to my home
This child appears The toy of the child
The heart is at ease
It's alright. It's alright
If it's oral appointment or some self-reflection
Is it a sin if I sneak into your heart
You're asking for something not there
and the squirrel on her head is Maro-chan
He's just like my father
Why is your bed in my home?
My god, my Bodhisattva, please forgive me
Since then, it doesn't matter that you let me become the concubine, darling
Three o'clock
Why did you try your best to do that?
Are you alright, Sana?
It's really great
That's Sana, Sana is out
Why? Why is he like my father?
Why?
I published the love pronouncement
OK, let's begin, darling
It's really troublesome
Cancan is tomorrow
But only some householders will go there
When Same's a pupil, I didn't go
Why? Why?
If it's OK, of course I want to go there
You'd listen to your teacher carefully first
Though there's a little sudden Here's Wuwen's home
Yeah
Sana, won't your mother come to join in the householders interview?
Sana, you're Ionely, I'm afraid of you
This's the distinct zoology
He said there's a very beautiful teacher in Sana's school
Is it Mr. Ante?
Right
It's me, it's me
It's Wuwen's turn
my wrinkling add again
It's OK to say that frankly
No kidding
What did you say?
I don't know
Shut up
It's my intention
Woo, you're too dirty If they two recline together
I'm almost dissolved
Wuwen?
What happened?
Nothing
Middle school students?
Hurry
Coren, come to eat sushi
If it'd change this way, it's been this way
It's alright. It's alright
Raise your hands and make a decision
by ridding you...
Please, our relationship...
Please don't blame it on the true kiss
Your father came back with the Sushi
There must be...
Mum, I've got to work
You stayed up so late Is it funny to disturb me?
Not bad
It's not a big deal Have your Sushi quickly!
Do you have anyone on you mind? Am I right?
You dare ask me?
Dad, Dad
How come such serious thing happened?
But Hayama isn't a child who likes lying
Don't escape from it by thinking about it today
one more time it's OK
Mum
Gomi-kun
Do you know
Yep
The one whose surname is Dobin
What's wrong with you? Gomi, you are so astonished
I'm really worried about you I'm worried about you
There's something that I don't know Shit! It's time for shooting
Can you hear me?
I feel very sorry
Sorry
what my son did and thought
We've been waiting for five hours
Don't quarrel
I won't allow such severe thing happen
Help! Help!
Someone is fighting...
Sing this song and say goodbye to worries
how toilsome you are. It's overripe
It's all right
When you're calm you always get a shock
manager, and ex-boyfriend!
This is my publicized lover whom I call him Woo, Wootio Woosi
You were tricked again this year
How lucky that Sana is slow!
Yeah. If you like, just speak up
Hisae-san shows again a kind of strange eye expression
OK, OK, BABY, don't worry
All the chocolate shops of the country are jam-packed by girls
Girls hearts are beating like a deer for boys
Kurata often give out chocolates randomly
Yep, Kurata, it's her
Why?
Right
But today my luck,
Why am I laughing nonstoply?
How many chocolate did Zenjirou-san get?
Sana, Naozumi-kun, long time no see
No, no, no. It's not like that
Since Woo didn't come Let's start from you first
Woo, wait
Woo
Man is like a director
Do you know this one?
Listen, Sagami
It won't make any difference
Why not tell me earlier?
dislike the way I live
But,
and went to American alone.
I thought it's OK at that time
gave up such an important person
Draw an eye which looks like an arrow head
Well, this time it's the part of body
Indulging in the past so often is bad for your body
Here contains my love to you
Come on. Eat from the nose tip
Sana
Sorry to trouble you
Now I understand,
how toilsome you are. It's overripe
It's alright. It's alright
The heart is at ease
Raise your hands and make a decision
It's all right
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
The first essay of Sana who makes everyone heartbeating
finally comes into the market
Thank you
Aren't you Aya-chan?
Oh. I didn't introduce myself. I'm...
Just like what I said on the book
Rei, is the motorcycle borrowed from your friend?
Is he crying?
Oh, crap
Rei, turn around, turn around
and the 25 meters' wind is whistling through
But I accepted an film notice
You wrote nothing about her on the book
and often asked when your book would come into the market
Let me go there. Let me go there
She is probably coming to ask for your apology. It must be
So wait for her
That's why she didn't mention Mami-chan
really left scar on his heart
It's really very sorry
Low taste, deduct 120 scores
Bib?
Good news. The new book of Sana I'M THE DAUGHTER
Great! My longing wish comes true finally
Money is everything
It's really amazing
the super tornado that I learned from the Theatre Troupe Komawari
His name is Wootio Woosi Remember the name at least
OK, bye
Today she has to shoot the Kodomo
But it's said that she also asked for leave there
If we stayed here forever
I didn't recover through my own effort
Everyone will have the day when he wants to escape
whether there's way to start again
My ear is itching
I understand all
What are you doing early in the morning?
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
"Kodomo no Omocha"
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
The chipmunk on her head is Maro-chan.
Good morning, Tsuyoshi-kun.
Tsuyoshi-kun...
Mm-hmm. I already told Mitsuya-sensei, so it's okay.
"Soul-searching for this week"
Okay, does anyone have anything to say about themselves, and not just others?
Yes, Sana-chan?
Are you sure you shouldn't still be resting?
You mean this?
Say, what is "this"?
Mm-hmm, I'm fine now. Just a little anemia.
--Yikes! --Yikes!
Uh, well, you see...
Yes, I gave it to her.
without thinking first.
You're right!
Really?
Understood.
Maybe you are.
Okay, Piyoko, here's your new home.
Out of the way, Maro-chan.
of having done something nice.
Why, you...!
--I said no one is to wake me up, didn't I? --Rei-kun, I'm scared.
Say, is Piyoko giving you any trouble?
No, everything's great!
Rei-kun!
I'm back, Rei-kun!
--Come get your roostuh! Hey! Hold up! Hold up! --Rei-kun! Rei-kun! Help, Rei-kun!
Then, it was because of Piyoko?
Sana-chan... if you had a monkey along, too, you'd be Momotaro.
Really!?
School!
Sana-chan...
and forget whatever it is they were told.
In dire straits,
...panic!!
And then, Sana falls into the devilish clutches of her ex-husband!
When in Egypt you do like the sphinx
that there's one thing that I feel very sorry for
I want to stay here forever
I think we'd better go back
Sana has gone back to Tokyo alone
Woo, it's OK
What should I do? What should I do?
Didn't the landlord say that?
To get rid of White Chrysanthemum Village
Because I live in the same place with you
It's really very hard for us
I'd lent the publication tax of My Daughter and I in advance
To tell the truth, the project is behind schedule
Oh, crap. I'm late
Kurata
Will Mum stay in the hotel?
You two can have dinner together
Did you hear that?
Start
Deputy director general
I think Wootio is doing more and more better
Rewrite the play
Don't cover you ear with such thing
See you
Hey! Good work
He is the Snake journalist who hasn't shown up for a long time
Don't know. But the sixth sense of mine is always very exact
But don't you think dating with an uncle,
What's on your mind?
Sana's song of figure Prepare the paper and the crayon
The flowing water is babbling The flowing water is babbling
Since Sana likes him
like what you did before
That's him
Akito-kun is looking at Mr. Wootio
Hayama, you're too forthright
The banquet is starting
It may be exposed
Hold the cup
My head is aching
A-Akito-kun
We can't barbeque without meat
Hayama
Come again next time
The fans club dismissed after three hours
Shuwoo Door
Don't catch cold
Akito-kun, what do you think about it?
Are they father and daughter?
Yeah. I heard that later he hurried to American
Do you know the woman who he was dating then?
Cathy?
I mean why you didn't take care of her
This is the fresh and new home of Sana
Sensei, I've been looking forward to the day
What did he say just now?
A little more acceleration at night
Bitter feelings are really strange and dizzy
With everyone together saying
Larger! Exactly! Even shining
At last,
Remember, the most important is now and future
While thinking of staying with you all the time,
What's her name?
What are you saying?
Father, you are my father!
What does the room use to?
I won't let you in
I see. Stop, Sana!
Let's go
Hi!
So I set up the time for you
Sana, time is up!
Good news? What is it?
Never mind!
Just haven't eaten. Sure it is
the man suddenly disappeared
It's enough
All these to you have been past
Woo?
Come on, seriously tell Sana that she can't do that
Remember, seriously!
Really? You've been waiting?
Who is that man?
Sensei, strength up!
Sleep early and get up early Eat soon and excrete soon
Sensei
so you wait in front of her house till morning
Something is wrong with the machine
Oh, this is lie testing machine, isn't it?
Phone number?
Are you here to womanize?
Such behavior is womanize
The moppet is witness
Dad
It's right, Woo
Just persuade him, Sensei
Yeah
Try to let them both have more common memory
Left time?
Only so
OK! He will work hard because it's
That's because my darling,
Ready, start!
Don't run
Woo, strength up!
He certainly ate well
Eh? Maybe it's very stupid
If it'd change this way, it's been this way
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Simply singing for a relax
Woo
I will prepare some food for you to eat since now
Don't care about it. Don't worry
We are adapt the drama
Because it's topsy-turvy drama,
Woo
If don't tell them their relations now,
Don't know it... don't know, well, forget it
How would the stomach prolapse for eating watermelon?
You look on it as truth?
Since you have, then take away
This... don't worry about this
Do red cranes look like that?
I feel a little tired
You don't permit to do that again
But I heard they all for you
Keep acting hard
Good daughter, it's time to go school
I'll try to be back to you soon
Stay together forever, so forget it!
Sana is getting into a wax
You must adapt the drama
You, idolt!
You are egregiousness
Hei! What hei?
Am I be kicked off?
I think so
Because I need you very much,
It is not funny
We both will stay together for ever
I can't understand
Whenever today, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow,
should be the good
News run quickly
I will change my life thoroughly
Well, how about the topsy-turvy drama?
I think you,
You can't be mentioned in the same breath, never!
She is Kurata Sana's mother
I have done something I shouldn't do
The nurse injected stitch to me
No, no! No way...
So,
You are right
Cut! Good!
Dad!
Woo
Yor are Dad?
You can't
The earth is GYAK-KAITEN
When you're calm you always get a shock
One step different from being relaxed
Bababababa!
You will graduate
Mom
She haven't cried ever
But she don't know she may cry
You dare fuck me
You only know to fuck
Hayama
Sana
Life have weal and woe, it's uncertain
Don't give up!
I came here rushed specially for the bit time
I look for producer Quntin now
Sana
but they said you like that
Why are you crying?
W... What's happened?
Kurata
But what do I do?
Snow
But the question is...
If you go elsewhere, D256 it's OK
Sana
Yes, yes
How are you thinking? Tsuyoshi-kun
I don't know too, how do you think of it? Hisae-san
Hayama he... Hayama, he lost.
White bat also came
I... I want to play a stage pose
Where is here?
Oh, man, I don't care for you
Kurata
No, I want to be together with Woo
So, I must care for you
Sorry
Kurata
Don't move, don't move
Sana, lf...
There are so many people who watch
all remember you
and Hisae-san and Mami-Chan
Let's go to the middle school
It's out of time
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
It's alright. It's alright
how toilsome you are. It's overripe
When in Egypt you do like the sphinx
Bitter feelings are really strange and dizzy
Heads go pir pir!
Whatever one speaks kiss
I haven't time to suspire, study, study...
Do you study when you're be home?
Everything is OK!
Hayama, Where did you go?
Why? Hayama
Hurry, Let brother see
Brother, Do you forget yourjob?
We have no way
Well, I remember
I become a bad Sensei who make all anger in joss drama
Sensei, I love you, Sensei
Oh, crap!
What... What will I do?
Sana's ikon's song, please prepare paper and crayon
What's ramp, Ramp like this, Heileheilexiu
Also they have it
The answer is true
Tsuyoshi-kun, She isn't that child who like to play the woman
Aya-Chan, She...
Because I like cleaning and washing
And I worry about you...
I'm happy a bit
Do you want to learn Karate?
Oh, It's...
I want
Make head and crupper on a line
The media legworked hot
The media transferred project
Younger B also worked hard
His talent is so bad, he can't repute be actor
give you some important clew
Give you everything. Merry Christmas
Do you have a good time today?
If Sana wanted to hide, she can hide
I want to move, but I can't
My heart will be fevered when I look in Hayama's eye
Student in the middle school
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Then go on crying
End with laughing. Excuse me
No matter how hard you work
Go ahead this way
And you'll feel energetic
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
Good... good... this was cut very well...
Good morning, Sana-chan. Late today?
You're gonna be like how you used to be
Look!
If she comes home safely, it'll be too good to be true
Sign: Jinbou School - Fresh out of the oven middle school students
But about a third of the students will be coming from other schools.
One day I was walking and then I realized...
How fun, Tomoe-chan!
Wonderful! Great! This is too much fun!
Tsuyoshi-kun!
You cut it like a monk. Don't forget about me...
My old man made me do it
These who are noticing Sana-chan, they must come from our elementary school
Hey, what class are you in?
Class 1
I'm in class 7, I'm in Class 8 with Sana-chan
Western accent... Ed: Osaka accent maybe?
Yes! Sana here!
Nice to meet you.
Ahh... since you mentioned it, you really do look a little bit like me
...my personality is a lot like yours
Now that would be interesting!
I'm the big brother of the Jinbou Elementary School Principal, Ari
The brothers are so much alike. It's so much fun
I came here when I was in kindergarten... I was born in Tokyo...
You're useless! And you call yourselves middle school students?
Do you understand what's going on?
Sorry
I want to participate in the cooking club
No, no, no, only a friend and mortal enemy! I'm gonna introduce you to him
OUt of my way!!
I think it must be because of what he learned in karate
Looks like he's just playing
He's the one that started it
Hey you!
The nurses isn't here, so use this to stop the bleeding
Cool!
Why don't you ask him the reason they fought?
Sign: That is the cause of a quarrel Next
I wish I was with Fuka checking out the clubs
Not really, I don't think that's too stressful
Ahh! Sleeping?
No such thing??
Sana, were you on a date?
Who is that? Your boyfriend?
Bye, Bye, Bye, Bye...
It's alright! It's alright!
In America it feels like Texas
Simply singing for a relax
Yeah it is.
Yeah, remember me now?
Who do you think you're kidding?!!
and no big deal? Yeah, that's true.
But then came sixth grade and everyone was talking about their first kiss.
That's hard to believe.
But I'm pure!
But regardless, he went to Tokyo anyway.
A really long time ago.
Aki, where are we going?
I'm really happy to be in middle school!
It's the work of that hot director Ono Mikio.
But I guess Hayama really is a kiss devil.
Wow... really?
I can't hear you. If you've got something to say, can't you say it louder?
That's all you wanted to say?
Irritated...
Please continue watching.
What?
If he sees anybody he doesn't like, he'd just torture them even more.
He usually say a little, but I really don't know what he's thinking.
I was trying so hard... I can't take it anymore!
I'm gonna destroy you!
Wow!
eating curry and acting like you're stupid.
Yes, yes, sorry everyone.
what this is.
I'm sorry, I've said too much, I'm sorry.
But Takaishi-kun and I... we really got along well.
Eh? What for?
I heard you! I heard you!
Not good, I'm late for my press conference!!
They are acknowledging each other secretly.
If it's not ready, we'll ad-lib!
Even Rei didn't know this.
Once I talked to him, I realized he was still like him.
Please?
Sana was Hayama being scary! Gives you goose bumps!
Set-chan, forget about it.
Even though his look and his smile seem mean...
...I thought he had become nicer to me.
He...
Watch all this too...
But your heart is in no mood...
You will be feeling fine
I am Ultra Relaxed!
The amazing bat, Babbit.
I want to wrap some salmon, fish eggs, plum and dried fish...
Because it's your business, I'll pretend you're serious.
I'm right here!
Oh, right here...
Octopus sausage?
Going on a trip, trip...
A very good idea, Aya-chan.
Where's Sana-chan's bus 8?
Listen!
No feeding your lunches to the animals...
Sana? Sana, where are you?
Having monkeys hanging on you is even weirder.
I guess so.
Yeah, that's right.
What kind of movie is it?
He's the younger generation's favorite director.
No way, there aren't any lions, right?
Ouch!
I heard Sana-chan has a press conference tomorrow.
So...?
What's for dessert?
Your...
Unforgivable! Hayama is such a shameless person!
Right, eh, what's this?
Really clueless...
Psychic? What are you talking about, Sana-chan?
I don't have confidence when it comes to love.
Really?
But in the future, with work, there will be a lot of such kissing scenes.
I don't understand love at all...
Hmm... I don't know about that...
Sana!
I bought it at the souvenir store. Isn't it cute?
I want to buy something too! Is there a clothing store?
Ahhh! I'm going to get butchered!
That's what I wanted to ask you...
Don't think about things like that!
Didn't know about you two...
Don't say it like that!
You only want to know Hayama's motives!
Didn't you say that you were already mentally prepared?
Of course Sana-chan has a memorable part.
I've seen her everyday... don't get so excited...
Watch all this too...
I'm always relaxed
My name is Kurata Sana, first year middle school student.
It's starting!
Sana is like a different person.
Episode 55: Actress goes to the mountains to shoot a movie.
Hope we can do together, to help the two of them reach their fupotential.
So, how do you feel about that?
Why?! This is weird!
It is true
How should I know?
The leading role in the movie is Naozumi-kun, right?
Next, we want to ask the director Ono Mikio a few questions.
Almost all the scenes are on location...
Eh?
She's finally in junior high...
Yo, Onda. You don't have to worry, it'll be done in a minute.
Huh?
She's like a ghost member.
It can't be that Sana-chan's just going to leave like this?
What are you talking about?
I didn't know whether I should say something...
Mind your own business.
Is it testing time? Why didn't you say so?
What are you doing here?
Shut up, you annoying bastard!
And if you keep acting... this way, I won't worry about you
Is someone there?
Why? Why is there someone hanging around right here?
Encoded, timed and edited by Sanaaki
He likes to lend a hand. Pay back time.
Sorry I kept you waiting, Fuka.
Special super sized combo.
Hey, Hayama.
Ok!
Karate practice.
I'm full! I'm full! I feel so blessed...
My name is Ishida.
...and I'll give up.
...I'll just have to do it this way! Bingo, you've got the correct answer!
I knew it!!
If he knows, I'm doomed! I was about to go home, what are you doing?
The correct answer is, circumstances may justify a lie. Study hard.
Can you give me Kurumi Asako - san's phone number?
What if Asako-san sees it?
The movie... after it starts filming...
They're about to start making the movie, right?
Yeah, the preparation is back - breaking...
What are you standing there for? Are you having diarrhea?
There's nothing to watch.
Bye, Aya-chan, I'll see you after two months.
Sana-chan, don't just make phone calls,
There's only one person left.
Yes
Sana-chan, take care of yourself.
You passed the test?
Hey, Sana-chan, hurry up, let's go!
What is it?
Sana-chan, we'll leave you here if you don't come soon.
Your body has no energy...
Bye, Bye, Bye, Bye...
Watch all this too...
If this song you sing is trouble then it's Bye, Bye, Bye...
You will be feeling fine
Manager and driver, Rei-kun. He's actually my ex-boyfriend.
Hayama Akito, a passionate lone wolf, also my best friend
She said she'll let us know when she gets there
There should be a phone there
I'll look forward to hearing it, Hayama.
If there's no emergency. I guess we'll be all right if we don't contact her...
Director, you came here already?
All right!
They can be a little annoying, but it's good advertisement
whether you like it or not. Right Turn into a beast at... any woman you see.
Sagami-san
Sana-chan?
Hurry up, hurry up change your clothes.
The correct answer is, green came from blue, and it's better than blue.
Eh, what kind of clothes am I going to wear?
Eh? Ah! Sorry, sorry.
That's fine, let's continue
Because today's the first day,
I want to tell you everything now.
Right right, that was me
Eh? That means...
First you draw one mountain... then comes the water...
And this is my picture!
He's actually laughing too, inside.
But... Naozumi-kun is more adorable than some girls.
I'm stronger than you
Arm wrestling competition
You do. You have three moles on your butt
Didn't I tell you? I have your naked baby picture
Absolutely, I'll never do anything you don't like
Don't be embarrassed, I want some too
Leave it to me
I'll give you a call when I get there
let's star
Ok.
Get ready... action!
So tired. I'm dying
Hey hey, it's too early to fall for Mako yet.
I don't need a tan, right?
Before this movie is finished. You will fall in love too.
What did you just say?
Cry, cry, cry, cry, cry...
Watch all this too...
If it becomes dense... Really becomes dense...
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Did I get him?
Oh, yeah, I wanted to give this to you.
It's okay, I'm sure that someday, an easier, better-paying,
juicier job will come along, so for now, show your guts and fight!
Have pity on me!
Secret international organization?
Sana-chan!
the people from the organization will put your uncle
W- well, a sumaki is--
here to keep an eye on your uncle.
Please lend your uncle a hand, to save him!
Sana-chan...
Z- Zenjiro-san?
--Um, I'd like to ask you --and they'll awl be stacked,
I don't know how tasty it is.
--Rei: "You bastard!" --This is gonna let me get lawts of pretty goils.
He reminded me somehow of the way you looked when you were homeless, Rei-kun.
No problem, no problem.
Even if you can trust her ex-husband,
together with you.
Don't put on fake commercials!
Glas-sun, glas-sun, sunglasses.
S- sure...
Hey! I can't see!
I didn't know that Misako felt so troubled about not being able to have children.
Tsuyoshi Chomp!!
Kurata! Now!
Our wedding hall had fallen on hard times,
Ryosuke-kun is not such a bad person. I guarantee it.
I am the president, Bosuda Bosuo. "Boss-da Boss-o"
--When you need to be secretive,
Yum! Yum! This is absolutely delicious!
Mama, I'm sorry I lied to you and went out.
Well, he did tell a lot of fibs, and tricked me, and all, but still,
I'm sure that he thinks of me as his own, actual child. I'm sure of it.
Now you understand the man's true nature, right?
That's what you say about times like these.
...panic!!
he's there.
...up to now, just for today,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
With everyone together saying Bababababa!
My manager, driver and ex-boyfriend Rei-kun.
Turn, turn, fly, fly... I bump, I bump...
It's a friend, furthermore, she's a girl!
and pretend to be my boyfriend.
So what does this have to do with me?
Rock, paper scissors... Does a guy have to have a girlfriend?!
And...
I'm very surprised...
Tsuyoshi-kun' seating chestnuts tonight?
I was bribed with sushi...
Still, Fuka-chan is also an interesting person.
Interesting?
ok?
I'm fine, I haven't changed at all
That girl...
She already has another one?
About twenty minutes...
but if you're completely quiet, they'll think it's strange.
So this is Takaishi-kun...
You... what did you do that for?
I finally got to say words 'my boyfriend' to Takaishi-kun!
Hayama... Tokyo tower...
What should you boyfriend at a time like this?
I don't know, you decide.
You're right. We've been walking for quiet a while.
Palate Pan Cake!
But it's the truth, Matsui...
Takaishi-kun and I both have someone else now!
...but maybe Takaishi-kun only thinks of you in his heart...
You're lying...
Sorry for bothering you!
I really can't stand having no part
It's about time you guys come out too
She said she's doing fine.
Sana-chan's not here, you must be very lonely, right, Akito-kun?
I wonder how Hayama is doing...
Your body has no energy...
Decide to lift your spirits...
My, my, my, my, my...
One step different from being relaxed
I'm always relaxed
Simply singing for a relax
It's a different now
It's over.
Really? Is it really over?
Good morning!
What, it's such a beautiful morning to start the day
That hurt
You did this to my brother!
Cut.
I don't understand because my mind's too jumbled.
Let's put it aside for a... while... Until I have enough confidence.
What's this hand doing?
maybe I'm just too nervous.
This is awesome! There are monkeys in the hot springs!
Rei-kun is it ok? It doesn't bother you right?
But...
go!
Be careful for one minute, or suffering for your whole life! Right!
Is it ok? It doesn't bother you?
Really! What's Rei-kun thinking?
it's only the lovers' gap!
If I don't ever wear bras, does it matter?
You're so cute, I think it's about time you got one
I suddenly really want to bra
Are you done, Sana-chan?
It's axki!
I'm gonna go talk to the producer!
We have nothing against you
Yes!
What's this? Lovers' vows? A truthful confession of love? Mutual love?
But he and I are only classmates and coworkers, that's it
What's going on?
Naozumi-kun... these are you fans
Maeda-san doesn't want me to do this.
I hope you understand.
Hey! Please don't be upset! It's all a lie!
A... sa... KO! Yesterday we called her Kurumi-san.
Wait... waaaait!
Rei-kun, Rei-kun look closely!
When Asako wants to do herjob well I don't want to bother her.
If you were me what would you think? If you were in the same situation as Asako.
But girls want to make it clear.
But if it's true love, probably...
What's going on...?
Asako-san, I want to be closer to you
Geez. Umm...
Don't be too upset that I can't really take care of you.
I have something to tell you
Is that it? He's so annoying.
What's wrong? It's so late
If this song you sing is trouble then it's Bye, Bye, Bye...
But your heart is in no mood...
A little more acceleration at night
I'm great and matchless when I'm relaxed!
Hayama Akito, a lone wolf who does karate, now my friend.
Ah...
Oh crap!
You think it's okay if you say sorry? Idiots!
It's fracture if there is fissure bone
Sana-chan!
Let's continue.
Are you saying we should let her rest?
It's 2 AM. If you want to sleep then you should go to bed.
Sana-chan, I don't want you to work too hard. Why don't you just quit?
That's true but...
I'm not gonna do anything that's bad for me.
She spent a night in the clinic last night.
...but...
I'm alright!
What are you saying?
Naozumi
Go back to the old days
Sana, enjoy yourself even under adversity.
Ah...
This is Naozumi-kun
It was I who snuck in there!
It's your brother who did this
Because I was hurt, I know how it feels...
Sana-chan's acting...
Hayama, I'll do my best...
Watch me work
Yeah, maybe because she worked too hard
Get better, get better, get better...
Amayah...
Hayama.
Big eyebrows,
Bloody nose...
Because she had a relationship with Naozumi-kun, she turned me down
If you're lying, I'll shave off your eyebrows!
Really I'm relieved now
Seriousness... ness... ness...
Here goes the usual time skein...
If this song you sing is trouble then it's Bye, Bye, Bye...
But if you're depressed, don't give up...
When in Egypt you do like the sphinx
With everyone together saying
Are you okay?!
Too bad... I'm in love with you.
Yes?
How did it feel?
Umm actually...
Geez, I don't get what that stupid director is saying.
Okay.
Can you do it?
but Maeda-san said he was going in the afternoon.
This way this way!
With other cell phones you can't.
Ah! Hello? Is Hayama-there?
You said
It's over.
Sana-chan
Eh?
Sana-chan! Maeda-san's ready to go. Do you want me to send out your letter?
Let's begin, places!
Actually, I don't know.
Right now Kurumi-san is taking care of her in her cabin.
Oh, wait!
what happened? What did Hayama say to you?
Naozumi-kun calm down!
Calm down, Naozumi-kun
Hmm... I just can't agree with that.
Come on now Sagami-san.
What secrtesupon?
Tell me Sana-chan!
I see, then...
is so fragile with love.
What am I going to do? What should I do?
Mama, I'm making everybody worry about me.
Bucause you're crying Sana-chan.
Naozumi-kun...
If you ever feel like crying,
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
One step different from being relaxed
With everyone together saying
Bababababa!
Sana-chan! It's me, I'm comingin...
Wow! You're doing great, Sana-chan! Ah! You need to stop there,
The answer is... - 'Sana-chan Kanwaii'Cute Sana!
Next question... is...
Yes. What's the problem? Sana-chan?
I don't want to see an expressionless Sana in front of the movie camera either
Ahh I can't even cheer her up! Why am I so useless?
Ahh... there are too many of them! I can't figure it out!
What's going on? Everyone seems to be stressed out
That... that's a helicopter!
Ah... It is coming closer.
Thank you for taking care of her.
Ah, Sagami! Long time no see. Thanks for your phone call.
Rei-kun, I don't feel like seeing anyone at this moment!
Mama... mama!!!
Come to think of it, I don't.
The best way is to be pushy.
But I...
But my hip really hurts! Ow... it aches!
Nice time sleeping? Mama, did you complete your manuscripts?
Many misfortunes in one's life.
In contrast... that Sensei is noting like him.
Huh. Not that I didn't expect that.
Mmm. I've taken three days off.
This many!? Sensei!
Sensei is too mean!
W-Walk? But I just came back from one.
Eh?
Isn't that sensei and Sana-chan? Are they headed this way?
They're waving!
For the sake of the audience, people are united as a team.
and there's no fire in my scene
Everyone is only preparing.
It's great! Sana-chan seems to have regained all her energy.
I wish I can forget about the deadline and keep watching this.
Alright, smile, the both of you.
Roger, leave it to me!!
Gotcha!
This is the signal to come out.
There shouldn't be fire or smoke in the hallway
The meaning? Look it up in the dictionary yourself!
But your heart is in no mood...
Decide to lift your spirits...
Your body has no energy...
In America it feels like Texas
When you're calm you always get a shock
I'm Kurata Sana, a first year student at Jnbou Junior High!
I still love Hayama.
Waiting for the signal... it's really boring.
Sparks are shooting everywhere! Everywhere is shooting sparks!
The fire's burning here too.
I knew it! Sana-chan hasn't recovered yet!
What is it? What is it?
I haven't used it since I got to junior high.
...I'll never have to see them going out.
What's wrong, Akito-kun?
Eh, you mean Sana-chan's Burrucha?
You don't even care about human life!
I'm willing to gamble my own life on this movie.
Goodbye Earth... everyone...
Ahh, it hurts!
Ah I... what am I thinking?
Sagami-san please wait minute, just wait one minute!
Cut, OK!
Ahh! Naozumi!
Hurry up doctor!
But after dancing the mambo, my leg made a strange noise and gave out under me.
Sana-chan, Naozumi.
Sana-chan
sorry to do such a mean thing.
all you guys like Naozumi-kun, right?
Heh, heh... To say this out is embarrassing.
So I can understand how you feel.
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan is back home. Something to be remembered.
If she came back, she would call us, right?
I wonder how Sana-chan is doing...
It's okay this time.
Okay
Can it be like it used to be?
Sana-chan work in the mountains
No TV and no phone
Before I apologize... l'll laugh till the end...
At this rate, you'll be first!
Yay, yay, yay, yay...
Is it finished? Yeah, it's over, over!
Sana, you're back!
Look up to me.
The bell's ringing,what's our next class?
Ah! I have to use the toilet!
Toilet, toilet, toilet, toilet! You don't have to tell people about this.
...because I am...
...the woman who amazed even circus lions with her amazing escape from the burning flames!
Kurata-san, long time no see.
Try to catch up on all the work.
I missed a lot.
Really? Then come on, and start working hard.
It's my turn, help me with my work please.
OK.
Handsome? Are they talking about him?
Yeah, all right then.
When I think about Fuka and I, we became buddies because we're comfortable with each other.
I wonder when she's going to tell me what's happening with Hayama.
Sensei, you shouldn't run in the hall!
That scared me.
My teacher isn't as good.
You can't see it in an anime, sorry.
I said, what did you just say?!
Sana, this...
Oh, Fuka calls you that. Maybe it's rubbing off on me. Sanaaki: Especially because up till now Hayama has always called her by her family name.
Not really. We're not together THAT much.
But it would probably be good...
...acting in real life...there is no way she can keep it up for long.
Yes, hello?
Hi, long time no talk!
But...like this...
When Sana is upside-down like this, she can't stop...
Sana-chan and Fuka-chan are good friends.
Going home already? I'm hungry
You don't tell us anything.We feel left out.
...you aren't being honest enough.
You've already made a love declaration with Kamura-kun.
Yes, it's because...
There were lots of rumors like this before...
...that thick eyebrow Ishida-kun said that's what you told him.
This "script" was written as an aid - a hybrid of mostly Chinese and some Japanese translations so discrepancies will exist...
Elderly sir, are you okay? What? What?
Next episode: The truth is out there.
This "script" was written as an aid - a hybrid of mostly Chinese and some Japanese translations...
Even others I know are doing it, see?
Matsui Fuka, my Kansai-speaking best friend.
Right, right, ...I think the only one around who can catch her is probably Hayama-kun.
I don't get it, she just ran off screaming.
I find her even harder to understand than I did before.
I would like to believe that...
...but now...
...to be among my friends or to be in school...
The taping of the show...we haven't been there for a while.
Young people in the labor force should be grateful for this chance to work hard!
Maeda-san!
Let's go where we should be going.
I see, so everyone believed the media.
...and Hayama-kun getting a girlfriend...
Ah? Never mind!
Sorry I kept you by talking about strange stuff like this.
I knew working would be more fun!
The show just started, Kamura-kun's on!
You mean his "certificate"?!? Ed. note: but she really should be saying "certificate" meaning it affects how others view his character
Sana! Get out of the way!
But this is a live broadcast...
I need to see Naozumi-kun! I have to see him!
I won't believe it unless he tells me so himself!
...enough...
I'm never speaking to you again!
But you'll have to go to war with sensei!
Rest rest rest!!!
And no one knows anyway.
Good morning, Sana!
G-good morning!
Yeah.
Hey Fuka, what did you do last night......around 10 o'clock?
A failure at jumping 5 levels!
Who can it be?
Nah...don't believe everything you hear from people in entertainment!
Yeah, you should visit the nurse.
Thank you very much!
I said don't!
The truth?
The truth...?
Then Hayama, will you also tell me the truth?
Do you really love me?
Ah! This?
How am I supposed to know your feelings?
Eh? Who?
How can I not mind?
You never understood his feelings...
So why now...
I realized that I liked him in the mountains where I was shooting...
...so it's all in the past.
Sana-chan! News! News! Excellent news!
Actually, DrePro fell apart!
When they tried to interfere with you, a bunch of termites appeared and chewed out their building.
Hey Rei-kun...let's accept all of them.
Now that it's settled. Better make phone calls right away!
Anyway, it's still better to have some jobs to do.
Sana-chan!
Oh, Tsuyoshi-kun, what's up?
Sana-chan, hurry! We're gonna be late!
Hey, but you're the one who told him everything.
Kamura-san! It's time for Rappon no Kyuu-chan.
Naozumi's finally getting it.
Hayama, you like dinosaurs right?
If only time could stop... Sadness blows you in to cry...
God knows well where you're going to...
Hey, Sana-chan, I've heard! I heard that Sana-chan is very very very popular!
Uh...what's it called again? I forget. Umm...eh...
Zenjirou-sensei, that's wrong, it's not Mimizu Palace. It's called Mizu water Palace, Mizu water!
I feel so weak.
It's good to make up, right Naozumi-kun?
Akito-kun, come on...
Mmm. Yeah. But even if she comes she's always almost late.
Just like a long time ago.
Babbit knows.
I'm one day early but here's your birthday present! It's a mini game machine.
Bye-bye, Hayama.
You...
That's so sad.
It doesn't matter.
I won't work this way.
...at that time...
I'm trapped! This is a nightmare!
How does he look compared to Naozumi-kun?
Everything's done for today.
I'm ...in so much pain.
I'm sorry, I didn't do it on purpose.
It's none of my business.
What am I going to do about you?!
Really, you're in the past.
I'm going with Tsuyoshi-kun tomorrow, want to go together?
Akito-kun, we're still Sana-chan's friends.
The mail box is here, here.
Hey Maeda-san, what are you doing?
...he came here as fast as he could.
This letter is from...
What's "ecnetnes desrever gnitseretni"? Translated by Komodachi.
No one has ever seen him.
It says here, he's inviting Naozumi-kun and Sana-chan to perform in a musical performance on stage.
Wow!! Congratulations!
Look into my eyes...does it look like I'm lying?
Shimura-san?
Yes, airmail?
With all of Kurata Sana-chan and Kamura Naozumi-kun's hard work...
It's like...
You did great.
About going to New York...Is it a musical?
I already checked...I called Mr. Hamilton's office in New York.
...you've influenced me from the very beginning...
Let's run away...together....
Why?
There was a rumor that middle-aged women think of me like a toy...
Mr. Hamilton is a great Broadway producer.
Fuka...everyone...
We were waiting for you, Sana-chan.
When...when will you be back, Sana?
Next time, in Kodomo no Omocha episode 67.
New York.
Therefore
That's how it is. Arrival.
It feels like someone is plotting against us.
Sana-chan...
How sharply deduced of me!
Shut up.
Your birthday. I've been meaning to ask for a while now.
H- have you, by any chance-- and I'm not saying you wouldn't have--
no, that doesn't have anything to do with it...
Party on Christmas Eve! A birthday party and gift exchange!
 Middle party on Christmas Eve! 
 Jingle joyous Christmas Eve, 
Would you two go with me?
Oh, the rustic train station, the sweet air...
your mother...
your mother...
Eh?
That's right, I could do that, huh?
You said that a long while ago.
Imagine, Father Hayama having a girlfriend!
Then, right now, Father Hayama really is...
Love-love Father Hayama!?
and was about to say something, but then stopped.
You know, perchance, conceivably, it's possible that...
Hayama let's out a slight 'eh!'
But the world can turn the tables on you. Even Rei-kun had a girlfriend.
Watson-kun!
Sana-chan!
Oh, no, I thought I heard the name of a girl that I know.
What about Father!?
Peeping, huh?
Hayama, what are you going to do?
Look, look, they were lovers, just like this!
Let's see... Look, look, here she is!
Oh, it's Beautiful! Is that one of Mother Hayama's old photo albums?
She was one of Mom's friends. That explains why I remember seeing her.
Naive!
who opposed their parent getting remarried were being narrow-minded,
Oh, yes.
Not really.
Oh, there's no way anyone can stop her now.
without letting Mama know!
This is what you guys normally do, you know!
-- Anywhere he goes, -- Anywhere he goes, 
-- father is a strange old man! -- father is a strange old man! 
 My playful little mustache is my most charming point. 
Well, of course it is.
I'm sorry, Akito.
I'm so embarrassed! I'm beyond embarrassed!
--How embarrassing! --And here I'm in the 3rd grade of middle school...
And then, when summer came around...
What will you do if it's a girl?
...Akito...
Shut up.
...panic!!
And our usual classroom...
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
For fans by fans - Oh yeah and please don't claim it as your own either...Thanks!! Translated by Maria and Maria. Encoded final editing by Sanaaki. Edited and timed by Kwazedbabe.
With your 4 member family you're spending the night
Your stomach bug is tired too
With everyone together saying Bababababan!
I'm always relaxed
Simple as a temple
Thank you, you're welcome!
I'm feeling at my best right now.
I don't know Broadway, what kind of place is it?
The flight from Japan to the JFK airport doesn't have an evening flight.
What, what? What's going on?
You are Kamura Naozumi right?
And you are Kurata Sana right?
Yes, yes, yes.
Put away your trumpet now.
Mr. Gary Hamilton?
I can't move Sana-chan.
I'm Kamura Naozumi.
Babin babon drum sounds
What about Mr. Hamilton?
Ok.
Your eyes are blue, are you half?
Do we look alike? Don't be joking.
You're horrible! Signs: Hayama, Brad
Oh I'm just a little embarrassed right now. Signs: Hayama, Brad
Coming..
Listen carefully.
Even if you beat your partner.
Do people with your appearance always do stuff like this?
Using the equipment here can allow one to get a good figure for the dance floor.
Alright next room.
This fast? Why is it like this?
Ah your rooms are ready!
Oh geez, Maeda-san.
Nao, Sana-chan goodnight.
Alright then me too, goodnight.
No just leave it there.
How strange this house seems.
Ahh! Help me!
But why did you decide to lift weights and exercise so early in the morning?
The inner ring was 10 and the outer was 15 each which adds up to 30.
Sana-chan, pounds and kilograms aren't the same.
Sign: 10 Lbs. 4.54 KGs No Rei-kun, it was already 10 pounds less.
Maybe it's the time difference.
Kurata, Kamura, did you have a good night's sleep?
Ah...it's alright, it's alright.
I don't know who would do this.
If Maeda-san didn't eat it, it would have been Sana-chan!
If I had checked everything carefully this wouldn't have happened.
Ramsy-san no!
Mackbeagongon-san.
It's Mackvakiavan. Ed.: I think I got his name!
If something happens to you...
Yes.
Ahhh! Where is this person!
Watch all this and
It's alright it's alright
At this rate, you'll be first!
Over now!
I'm Kamura Naozumi!
What did you see?
They do not exist...
It could be a demon, you know... like this.
Well, it seems that he's currently involvedin a big project in Hollywood now...
Sure...
Please..
Ehhh? Really? It's only a stomachache?
But it's still a relief that he's alright now.Although strange things keep happeningsince we've arrived..
Maybe we've just looked too much into it...
Sana-chan..
This is the studio?
Good morning!
Yeah.. although it hasn't reached 10 yet..
Is... that so...
But I can't take this lying down...
Right! Naozumi-kun, gimme a beat!
Sana-chan, you're jumping into something without looking again.
Translated by Tokyoflame.
It's "Onna Kokoro"! Woman's heart! Edited and timed by Oddy and steph0503
We're doing the "Draw Sana Song,"Prepare crayon and paper!
Why? What are you doing here, huh?
Because I wanted to see Kurata.The feeling was so strong I just flew right over.
Whatever...Germans or Americans? Eh?
We came here because of the musical ... not just for ourselves ...
It's so painful...
Fine, if you say so...
Michelle-san...
It's not that ..
Wow, it's really glamorous.
Anyway, her pride is really high...
She must be that ghost that Sana-chan mentioned...
Eh ? A girl ?
Thanks.
New York is strange Isn't this supposed to be really serious?
The amazing white bat, Babbit!
It feels like..
Isn't there a saying that one who's drowning will even eat straw?
Mean, mean! Sana, I can't understand what you're saying...
Where where where where... is the Ghostly Girl?
Michelle!
Isn't Ramsey already preparing other rooms for you?
It's not just the rooms.
And the only clue we have is this ghostly girl in a white dress.
I'm Sicil Hamilton.
Uh, pleased to meet you, too.
The person who trashed your rooms wasn't me.
Naozumi, Sana, don't you have any sense of being professional actors?
The same color eyes...
Eyes aren't the same color.
Hey, Sicil, Good morning!
You're in a good mood!
I met Naozumi!
This is the beginning, Naozumi-kun!
Sounds like the stage manager doesn't like us either.
You're right.
Naozumi-kun! Are you alright? Naozumi-kun...
I want to confide in someone but I can't.
Let's try those out next time!
So the reason really is just me. All that's happened since we arrived was because of me.
It's me ...
His face looked like this, with lots of character.
That's probably not possible.
Oh! This is Kodocha Episode 69! This hasn't been aired has it? Can I really see it?
The dance classes consisted of running laps.
We can't figure out what is going on, or who is doing all this...
I just feel that they're low. I hate this, I feel horrible.
That's why... I AM NOT GOING HOME.
We are not going back to Japan.
We will do our best on stage.
It will be a pleasure working with you.
What's going to happen?
The ones who attacked Sana-chan and Naozumi are...
What to do with this feeling? A bad premonition at lunchtime.
My manager, Rei-kun!
Do you want to know the real reason you were invited to New York?
You can't tell what people will do just to get a chance.
A little while ago I was angry and all I thought about was pay back, but now it's just a sad feeling I have.
Wawait! If you can't stay here then where do you plan to go?
That must hurt.
We said let's do our best together, right? Things happened, but it's still our chance to do it!
Ooops, wrong sign! This is for another sequence!
I was speaking seriously!
The lessons, right?
No way! We can't spend money so excessively.
Wait!
Are you all right, Naozumi-kun? Are you injured? It would be a great disaster if something happened to our important acting talent!
"They don't need to see us."
...we try it...
We did it again, I guess...
It's a nice place, the furniture is fine, there's a doorman, the only problem is the rent price...
Can we trim the price a little...
One, two, one, two, three
Folk dance is a fun dance
Where are you going?
We're going home, Sicil.
Don't worry, I will make sure she gets home safely.
Brad! Enough already! Let me go!
Welcome home madam.
...once...
I guess. I am a servant of the Hamilton's after all. And Sicil is kinda like my little sister.
Are you all right, Naozumi?
You're doing too much on your own, I don't agree with this.
I'm Gary Hamilton.
Naozumi, Sana, I'm sorry, but could you return home before us?
I wanted to keep Naozumi away from Sicil.
It's none of your business!
Thank you.
Naozumi...
My only reason to live was to meet you once again.
Um...
This is my address and telephone number.
Tchapin and Katchan chabin fu fu bushuuu....
By the way, where are we going? What was it... Ah! I remember, I remember!
Who is this person?
"He?"
Everyone, let's have some tea!
The curtains and such were brought here by Bernadette, the furniture as well.
What are we going to eat for dinner?
I'd eat it!
Please go and buy some immediately.
Bring it to my room.
I'm not going anywhere. I'll be right back.
What's up?
But I can't touch it...
Um... I...
It's an omelette sandwich.
What's happened, Sana-chan?
If you don't want to eat it, leave it.
Welcome back, Sana, Naozumi.
Episode 72:I know too much! My secret!
Here you are, some milk. Calm yourself.
Thank you..umm..
That isn't so! She just wants to keep me locked up in the mansion!
Sagami-san!
Could you please ask if it is okay for Sicil to stay here for a while?
But he said he will be back before dinner.
Naozumi! You finally came! Naozumi! Naozumi!
You can play on all these thing here!
Naozumi! Don't go!
Edited and timed by Shakyamuni
Thank you! I'm so happy!
I just thought you were playing it.
Somehow I feel relieved. Thank you for listening to me, Sana-chan.
I told you I was going to give you a lesson.
The amazing white bat, Babbit.
Naozumi-kun!
Un...nothing's the matter, we just lost each other.
Just because of this you use violence?
Ah, yes, he's very stupid.
Are you Sagami Rei-san?
But, who are you ?
Hello ...Sana-chan, Hello ... ?
Please don't bother anymore about this business. You didn't say anything to Sicil did you?
What do you mean, don't bother anymore about it?
Your fever is gone! This is great, I was so worried!
Sign: Ah...Naozumi-kun... This woman loves to talk!
We can't let you become feverish again, so you just lie here some more.
If there are any problems just tell me, don't be too polite.
Good night, Naozumi.
Edited and timed by Noriko
What are you saying? I'm his mother, I should be the one thanking you.
May I enquire...whose mother are you?
Naozumi-kun is so naive.
Another word for it is 'innocent'.
About that...
Ah, so that is the case.
Naozumi is her only support right now.
This is the first time that we two can be quiet and just talk.
Naozumi is trying to avoid me, he's sick of me.
Ever since then, the way Mama and Papa look at me has changed.
They...All they're interested in is other people's children.
Your mama and papa haven't said they didn't want you.
To tell you the truth ...
Just like the way you like Naozumi-kun.
Are you Gary Hamilton?
Then how can I help you?
Of course I won't ... mother.
Naozumi-kun doesn't want to hear about that!
Schemes and plots are flooding New York
At noon, she's going to make pizza.
Seeing her was so wonderful.
Why is Hamilton here?
Sorry for my interruption.
What? Please repeat the name.
Ah! you're that guy from last time!
This isn't a comedy.
He is already obeying my rules only - what I say goes.
You want Naozumi to be in your musical, right?
I did it, I finally did it!
Yuko only wanted to use Naozumi.
Edited and timed by dodot
I tried asking Gary Hamilton...
Don't order pizza. The store's pizza tastes very bad.
English word of the day...
Miss?...
Okay, I will go make the worst tasting pizzas.
If you put it that way, I'm very happy.
A woman with no talent like her.
I am Rei-kun, I am very free. Nothing to do, so I am preparing dinner.
Right now, Naozumi-kun has a mountain pile of troubles that he has to deal with.
He still has a fever, he is at Yuko's house.
I am Rei-kun, I am very free. Is actually a very good manager,
Too late.
It was real. It was real. I am so stupid!
What do you mean you don't believe it?
For fans by fans - Oh yeah and please don't claim it as your own either...Thanks!! Translated by raindrops. Encoded and final editing by Sanaaki. Timed and edited by dodot.
I have to sing.
Manager, Rei-kun.
Brad, who looks like my Japanese friend.
The marvelous white bat, Babbit.
Where's Sana-chan?
Because you didn't go to dance practice at the theater...
Sicil!
...I don't know why, but I'm even lonelier than before.
You're jogging at this late hour?
So pathetic.
In any case, I'll meet up with you right away. Bye.
What about Bernie?
Geez! I'll call! Tell me the phone number!
Saying all of this nonsense is not going to help find Sicil!
I'm going to the New York Police. The chief is a friend of mine.
Sicil might return here.
Yes.
Ma'am!
Why don't you dance with that cute girl?
Folk dancing is a happy kind of dance.
One. Two. One, two, three, six.
Hello?
I just talked to Naozumi-kun.
No. No. You can't go beyond this point. Step back.
One. Two. Three. Pull.
Great!!
Sicil.
I don't care what happens to the alligator.
The girl who fell down the ditch...
A small female alligator?
I'm really afraid of pain!
The girl who was sleeping in the lion feeding pen has been safely rescued.
It doesn't matter who it is, as long as they're safe.
Really?
Papa and Mama won't tell me.
In my student years, I was termed a diving queen. I'm going in.
Thank God, you're safe.
If you're going to lie to him, at least continue to lie to him.
I said before I dislike disobedient children.
I can go to the practice site from here. Therefore...
I promised Gary that I would break all ties with you.
The stage is my life.
Because you're a burden, I abandoned you.
Because he really is a burden.
Please only look at me, okay?watashi no koto dake mitete ne
You're in the way! Get out of my face!
Sana-chan.
I'm happy for you, Sicil.
Sicil.
Sicil, what do you think about that?
I was thinking that Naozumi would be welcome to live together with us.
If Naozumi comes...
Asako, I bet you were taking it easy, weren't you?
I was so lonely without you, I had trouble eating!
But still, it's so early...it seems so sudden.
Bernie.
...but please use it.
Coming to New York...
I was also glad to have met you!
Meeting you, Bernie, was really a good thing.
My heart's pounding all of a sudden.
Shall I call him at his house?
S-Sicil.
It's so sudden.
Sicil?
I understand.
Sicil, listen.
Who's that?
You really can't say anything to be proud of, can you?
Sicil?
I-It was from a friend.
I'm sorry, Naozumi.
That's a lie...
What a nice car!
Brad! Brad!!
I gotcha! Hold on tight!
Maeda-san is this person!
Yeah.
How sharp!
So, thank you for coming today!
Okay.
I hope it'll be a pleasant ride.
It really hurt the boy.
Rei, Sana, and Naozumi wrote these letters.
It's all up to us!
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
The mysterious white bat straight man.
If you don't want it, I could burn it.
Onda, I know I've been quite a nuisance up until now.
Be careful.
Now then, I think I'll treat myself to a little tub time,
To be so carefree, after tricking someone like that...
Kurata Shizuka?
W-w-wha...?
Okay, Misako-san, you take care now. Bye.
In any case, I absolutely refuse to have that type of man!
Sensei!
I had just forgotten about that! Don't go opening your big mouth!
"Prospective fathers return home"
Aw, my phantom fathers are going home.
A cute Sensei?
Mama was?
Please wait for me, Madam Misako! Madam!
Don't worry, don't worry, it's the truth.
there is no mistake that Sana-chan is, in fact, Misako-sensei's daughter.
This is delicious!
Aw, it hoits! I'm gonna die!
Hey, now...
That was great! Right? Right? Did you see that? Did you see that, Grandma?
This will work!
Yes?
Grandma...
I sent him on a bit of an errand.
Ah, I see.
Katagiri-san...
Tori?
Toriyama Noboru.
--As it happens, --She's exactly, exactly how she looks on TV.
Toriyama-kun here is a big fan of Madam Sana.
I am Sana-chan's manager-
and watch "Child's Toy" every week, without fail, Ma'am...
I have to do something... I have to do something...
Isn't that a coincidence?
We've been set up!
Now that you mention it, her personality is suited to being the mistress of an inn.
and serve as Kurata Inn's head clerk?
 Come now, let's just enjoy ourselves! 
W-who do you think you are!?
How do you like that? Give up?
Huh? Him, a good boy?
for elementary school-aged Sana-chan?
I get it. There is some truth to that.
I do think that will be much farther down the road, though.
I've been waiting for an answer.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
he's there.
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
And our usual classroom...
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 30, the "Sagami, the Heartbroken Man" saga,
This is their only child, Sicil Hamilton
Ahh, I feel like I can heave a sigh of relief.
Ahh, that's true.
Can this be eaten? Urgh
Once a decision is made, it should be done immediately.
See ya, Rei-kun.
I heard that you two came back from the airport.
I thought you two were just noisy and mischievous children
Although I don't know what he wants, it's still better to hear him out I guess.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
That was brilliant acting .. I was moved.
After that, I did not waste a single moment in calling you over.
Yeah, did Michelle-san agree to this?
There's a problem! Ed. note: said in Cantonese
That's rude Gary-san. How can you say that with such confidence ?
Babbit's Counting Song
If you don't know karate then don't try it
Crying, laughing and steaming, sticking your tongue out
This is Do
Do you know that's a marching line?
What's the difference between a trumpet and a lapa?
She might become a child who nobody wants.
Sicil.
I've been here all along but there wasn't a good time for me to come out.
All along? Starting from when...?
What? Tell what?
Calm down.
This .. this ..
I beg of you Naozumi! Please!
Please come with me!
Yes, that's right.
Sana-chan, you don't have to keep me company.
"Let your brains be blank"
I came to laugh at you.
The woman who deserted me twice is now down and out.
I like it.
You're crisp as a radish chip today.
Have you been well?
H-hey! Hey wait! Wait!
Sign: The Show's about to start
I snuck out.
Don't worry, I've done everything that I need to.
Naozumi-kun, are you ready?
Broadway standards must be pretty far above theirs.
Yeah yeah.
You're kidding right.
Shit!
Didn't you tell me to shut up?
It'll be the next scene, Misako, I'm so excited.
Misako?
Why don't we help them?
Erk, they've started!
Sign: Unable... Unable...
We couldn't tell at all, that was a great performance.
Sign: They're both awesome.
Maeda-san snuck out of the hospital again, geez.
What are you talking about? It was done with your own strength.
It's time to decide, stupid dad.
For fans by fans - Oh yeah and please don't claim it as your own either...Thanks!! Translated by DarthYang. Encoded and final editing by Sanaaki. Timed and edited by Wind. - KTP dreamteam
Bit my tongue. Hello. World Magazine?
Yes!
This was Mama's idea.
Sicil said that she had something to discuss with Naozumi.
If you're bored, we could play Cat's Cradle.
Therefore,
The Naozumi I like best is the one on stage,
makes me very happy.
It's time for the musical.
Sicil, she...
and that's why there are so many offers. But, this is a good opportunity.
Then you'll be the manager of a big star, right?
Yes! This way I could build a house in Beverly Hills.
He's flying.
Sign: The daydreaming manager He can't stop.
From now on, in our mornings...
You have work for us when we return?
You can predict that they'll become really famous in the future.
Good job everyone.
Tomorrow is the last day. Hurry home and rest.
It was really successful.
However, it's going to become busier.
It's a party to congratulate everyone on their hard work.
We must not disappoint them, Naozumi.
It won't fall anymore.
If you guys want to think that way.
I will guide him to the best of my ability.
I feel that your family is a family that was always composed of three people,
and I can't find a way to be a part of this kind of family.
What'll I do? This is so sad.
Bernie, I'll never forget you.
It's because he's even busier than the president.
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
Then you'll pull away!
I am Ultra Relaxed!
Even shining heads go pir pir!
Do you want to try to play the trumpet?
We still like each other even in this weird episode.
We'll try our best.
It's ben a long time since I've been back!
See! See! No one sang! I didn't sing either! I was only shouting rhythmically.
To be tricked by those people and then to let them escape, how can I stand it?
I understand! Let's play a trick on them.
There's no way you're capable of it!
They all escaped. What! Those idiots.
You're even snoring! What do you think you're doing?
What's going on! I haven't appeared in a long time and I'm instantly taken out.
Zenjirou-chan.
This time I'm really out permanently.
It's really sad.
and she was in uniform, why wasn't she discovered?!
What should I do? I actually said it was the sound of a fart in front or...
If I had known beforehand, I would have said that it was Kurata Sana's fart.
Otherwise, the instant you blow a note, I'll have t arrest you.
What! She can't have gone far. After her!
Let's hurry up and get out from here
Come on! To rescue the people who were arrested,
Please release everyone.
Let me test this out.
When did you come in?
It's almost nighttime.
Absolutely no problem! No problem!
I just used a small trick.
What are you doing? Hurry up and give it back.
That's right... by using Naozumi.
I secretly hid the Burrucha inside the trumpet.
This was something that you came up with all by yourself.
Is it? It doesn't matter!
However, that sound wasn't the sound of a fart.
He confessed.
Right! It wasn't!
Okay! We've decided that it was the sound of Tsuyoshi-kun's fart.
I understand.
I still want to play the trumpet.
We'll work hard.
Sushi!
in order to have a perfect parting, I can only pretend to be cool.
I don't know why, but the tears won't stop flowing.
The port. Parting. Be careful of waves.
Crying again after another loss...
Huh... it doesn't matter, doesn't matter
But your heart is in no mood...
Bababababa!
I am too
Rei-kun, what are you doing?
I don't think so.
...together.
Yeah, after everything that happened in New York...
Kansai-ben accent from Osaka...
Hey Aki, listen, listen!
I was waiting for him to tell me that he liked me.
...she wants to take a picture with you,
I'm sorry.
Who does he think he is?
That poor girl is crying!
Interesting
The phone somehow works and I got through to you.
Hey! Are you listening?
Actually...
It's over.
Naozumi-kun.
Naozumi...
Come to me.
Do you look up to me? Sanaaki: As in admire.
Look up to me.
I feel as if there's a wall between us.
It's a lie!
This...
But back then we had to believe it...
Of course we get along well! We're friends!
Really, you're in the past.
Naozumi-kun...
You fell asleep?
I'm sure he can get back by himself.
If it becomes dense... Really becomes dense...
It's alright! It's alright!
Larger! Exactly!
Sana-chan's gone
We still have to go to... school tomorrow
Hayama!
Really
They're getting along great, Hayama-kun and and Fuka-chan
You are great, Hayama-san, you got 98!
Not at all, it's just a scratch
Eh? Is that true?
That was so embarrassing
Akito
Me?
You can't be serious
It's not porno, it's actually a very cute conversation
girlfriend, you snot?!
My heart almost stopped, Akito-kun
Maybe I need to be careful not to get hit by a... car... Hair on your heart is not dependable
Even is he's wrong
What are you doing, Akito?
Sign: is Sengoku-sensei angry? Don't look for trouble
You're really slow, Tsuyoshi
Looking good!
Excuse me... could you take a picture of us too?
But, Sya-chan, if we don't tell other people, no one will recognize that this...
This is bother some I wonder if Akito is all right?
Akito, things are getting more serious
I feel very uncomfortable
Yeah... it's great to be young
I think your brain is not functioning properly,
And so, several months passed by quickly...
Is the rumor about you two dating true? Naozumi-kun...
Sana-chan, look over here
It's alright! It's alright!
It's about...
Sana-chan, look over here about the rumor that you two are dating...
the two who were always denying they are going out
Whatever you say
Sign: Fuka, very worried Waves are tossing in the ocean
Why are you standing up?
The boy in that picture... Why are you looking at people like that?
You mean Hayama-kun?
Why are you pushing down the blind?
...pretending to be a nice kid...
Sorry to have bothered you
Eh? Papa, you're back early today
Teachers won't lie
Just a second
She sounds strange
staying out this late is very dangerous
...about the picture...
That teacher is so low
You're very interesting
What?
Yell on top of a mountain
One, and Two, and One, and Two, Six
Moron
Sana, why?
Hurry back
Let's have a welcome party
Sign: Boss
No. It's OK
We can help Sana-chan cheer up
Long time no see
It's Kamura Naozumi
Ehhh, Let me see, let me see
It's so pretty
Eh? A busy body,
That's what I'm suppose to say
Maro-chan is excited too
We can't beat Sana-chan
His name is Brad, he was a troublemaker too.
He caused me a lot of trouble
Are you going to mention that again?
It's a little romantic... I think too much...
What is it?
You two... Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun...
that's why I think we should ask you first
This is the first time I heard you say that
What? What?
Here goes the usual time skein...
My, my, my, my, my...
If it becomes dense... Really becomes dense...
Your body has no energy...
Bye, Bye, Bye, Bye...
When in Egypt you do like the sphinx
You will be feeling fine
Bitter feelings are really strange and dizzy
Sana-chan, Naozumi-kun! Welcome back!
Is this true?
Like studying, or sports
Be careful okay
Her relationship with Naozumi-kun is also going well
and him are a good match
Let me see
Stop... wait! Akito!
Only you going will be fine
Wait for me
Ah? Bring a homemade lunchbox?
Yeah they look so great together!
Very hot!!!
Yes!
Let's take a break
Sign: Ah, Madea-san! You came back to Japan alright! That's great
it would be terrible
I am Chris, Nice to meet you
Super cute!!!
Oh! Naozumi-kun! Let me take a picture!
I... I... Naozumi-kun is even cuter up close!
She looks more like a crazy fan
Let the cute person answer for him!
Sana-chan, let's work well together! Same here!
Aren't you going with Hayama Akito to the amusement park?
Because Fuka is a good child
Never come to this restaurant
It's not like that. It is like that
Sorry about this
I got yelled at by my Mom
So, if you could, can you avoid fighting with Sengoku-sensei?
I didn't do anything to make people misunderstand me either
I know that...
Akito
I don't know what happened
Sign: Can do whatever Can do whatever is like this, It's not
Fuka-chan wants things to be better too, right?
About yesterday
There will be a ranking test soon,
I will cheer you on, so good luck!
I'm going home now, bye bye
Well...
Can it be that you have had a fight with your boyfriend?
Relaxing is very important too
Please praise me a little
This felling is great!
My, my, my, my, my...
Crying again after another loss...
One step different from being relaxed
Then let's start
Sana-chan, how can you say something like that to the screenwriter?
Maybe without the glasses and the nose though
the script is about two lovers, is it embarrassing for you two?
forward to the premiere
You went overboard, Sana-chan. Just tone it down... saying that in front of...
Isn't it embarrassing?
Aki, good morning
Now what, saying hello won't hurt you, will it?
I think I said something to you that I shouldn't have said
Saying that you should be more responsible
Good morning
Isn't that a quicker solution?
Fuka-chan, Akito-kun didn't come?
Akito-kun
You're always the first person at the cafeteria but you weren't there today
Um, Fuka-chan is very stressed out because of this.
How do I say this? It's Fuka who has a problem
Natsumi, the sister, comes out also this time
He is still blushing.
That's right Dad
Akito, you...
...and then suddenly goes missing
ei in hi ei san is...
...made up of the characters TOWA and ICHI, 2 HA's and eye and Mata...
ei in hi ei san is...
...Say that to your father and mother...
...adultery is always wrong...
One and two, and one and two and Four...
One, and Two and One, and Two, Six...
Even though there are many unhappy events in life
For those who don't know karate, don't try this at home...
They all like Child's Toy
Not bad singing
This week's picture of Sana-chan and Riho-chan
Why don't you be honest with yourself?
How do you cook earwax?
Sana-chan,
Starting from now on, memorize your script
Doesn't matter, I'll go
That does it.
I know
Ready...
This, this... this is really stiff
It looks like fun
What should I do?
Can we change that a little?
What? Hold on for a second. I'll break the change
What are you doing?
The sixth scene starts tomorrow, try your best
Sorry
we'll try our best tomorrow
When you're calm you always get a shock
One step different from being relaxed
Simply singing for a relax
Ma-ma-Matsui Fuka... where is she?
Fuka.
We're relieved because they say it won't damage her vision.
That's right. We'll go right away.
Sana-chan, take your time.
It's all up to you.
Akito... what's he doing now?
Actually...
She seems to have a good time with Naozumi-kun.
I want to concentrate on preparing for my test.
Well, I want to talk to you about scene six.
But you...
Everyone, what would you like for lunch?
Don't ask at a time like this!
...ah you've also grown a tail on your butt...
Hey
I... I...
No way! Sana-chan!
If I say devil...
I'll say it for the rest of my life.
She can't hear you speaking like that!
That's true.
She thinks she's better cause she just came back from America.
Naozumi-kun.
do you really want to go find Sana-chan that much?
But...
That's right, I saw the brilliance emanating from you.
What's the most important thing...
for you and your future?
As a responsible manager,
This week's Sana-chan.
That's not fair, it's the other's fault!
Don't stick your nose in.
I heard comedy actress Sakura-chan will whiten her teeth for the New Year.
That is really surprising! Why is that? Why?
Gosh! Is the line that hard to say?
Visit? That was the window!
I apologize, my parents said really mean words.
That's why you had to come from the window.
Did you come to visit me
and for an American feeling, Texas!
it's time to get out of there!
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
in order to promote "Child's Toy"!
Then, we're going to say "gotcha!" and run away!
but if you could get by with just saying you're sorry, we wouldn't need the police.
I used to be such a big fan of his, too.
Ah, what a shock!
Yes you have! See? See?
Asako-san wouldn't fall for that showy actor, after all, right? Right? Right?
He looks like a dangerous man.
Sana-chan!?
Have you checked it with Asako-san?
Aren't you worried about that!? Hmm?
Sana-chan, we're just about ready for you!
Among them is a man who is receiving acclaim not just for his songs,
"Kiss of an Angel"
Asako would be the last one to do such a thing...
Hey... They'll be mad at you if they saw that!
Excuse us! One moment, please!
That hurt.
Okay, one more lap!
Oh, there's a landmine right there, too.
really are in love with each other...?
N- no, that was along time ago! Along time ago!
Over.
Right.
Okay!
This is Tsuyoshi! I'm getting to Kimuchi-kun's car ahead of them! Over.
No, Sana-chan, you can't yell like that.
Click...
-- What will happen to Rei-kun, lu-lu-lu-lu? --I know I'm hearing a voice, like somebody is singing.
Are you listening to me, Sagami!?
No more talking about that! No more! No more! No more!
Um...
It's no use! I'm too embarrassed!
If this is your first appearance, you should identify yourself.
What's that?
Welcome back. Where's Sagami-kun?
Rei!
Asako!
That once the drama was over, I would come see you first?
I've been waiting for an answer.
I'm surprised that he even took a picture of Hayama kissing me.
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 31, the "Photos, Cooking, and Dinosaurs" saga,
Babbit has a close call, too! I hate snakes, after all.
You will be feeling fine
You are...
It's outrageous that an actor can't say the lines in a script.
There is no way to create the desired conflict...
AAAAH... A WORM! A white worm! I hate worms!
This is wrong.
What's the use of yelling like that?!
Sensei, you didn't have to cut the line!
I'm going to make him laugh.
and for the people who work hard on the set. I've made quite a lot of problems.
Take care, Sagami.
Okay, thanks.
The nurse is here so I'll be okay.
Oh, really...
It's okay.
What am I doing?
You should at least warn me.
I'm okay.
What's that supposed to mean?
Will you be able to pass? Well, will you be able to pass?
So you grew quite a lot in Broadway?
...they say you're conceited and that you look down on adults.
Do you think we went too far?
Right.
It's okay Rei-kun.
Ok.
So go home, mom.
Fuka.
You forgot your slippers.
What do you mean?
You look like a lost spirit.
Ghost is more like it.
That's not the same thing... Mine belong in a higher class.
You're really an opinionated woman.
No way! Where? Where?
Go on.
Sana-chan's not being self - centered at all.
I understand!
What?
I'm always relaxed
Even shining heads go pir pir!
I'm Kurata Sana, 1st year Junior high school student.
No matter how dense Sana-chan is,
It's a waste of time to go back to sleep... I wonder what I should play...
Go to school
You're ajunior high school student!!! Go to school!
Harmonica, Ocarina? Or is it Ukulele?!?
Hmm uniform, uniform eh... there.
Sensei are you sure this is alright?!
How can you guys not believe her?!
Yeah... and Akito-kun's suspension hasn't ended yet.
Yeah, I didn't believe you would do such a thing.
If this one stands, then the other can't stand.
The bell already rang.
Huuuh... what do you mean?
If you stand here with this immature mould then you'll cause problems.
Yes?
Uh?
Well it's a revenge. No it's a thank you.
Sana-chan are you sure you just came back from America? That's just...
It's funny. No bad.
Good afternoon. Fuka, the doctor is here.
Ah Thank you very much.
I'm glad Fuka-chan.
Say that to your father and mother
Say that to your father and mother
But even if you do that, watch out for cars
But that's the past. Now he's really a nice guy.
...but since the school thought it was Hayama-kun's responsibility
He's the kind of person who would take it onto himself.
She said that she'll come to school tomorrow.
Thanks a lot.
There's no reason for you to be sorry.
No... There are a lot of reasons.
Do you remember saying that to me before?
This matter happened when I was on a business trip.
It seems so.
Yes... Why does the dad have to answer?!
So everyone,
Excuse me.
I wonder what happened!
What's Naozumi-kun doing here?!
Looks like it's gonna turn out well.
No, you use that in front of royalty!
In this case, it's the nose, the nose.
it's my fault that I was turned down for my part.
Oh really? I forgot.
It's more like a person who shares the same suffering as me.
I didn't mean to do that.
Naozumi-kun...
When in Egypt you do like the sphinx
I have to be really serious, huh... what is this really.
Oh? So Naozumi-kun said that he'll love you forever,
No, it's water in the ear.
When she grows up, I'm sure she'll understand your feelings.
Put your troubles on paper!
But then I was dumped!
I had a good relationship!
If I get held back it'll be embarrassing.
Where? Where? Where is the textbook?
It was one year ago. There were so many things that happened.
This year I'm eating cake with my family
She's not the type of person who would be so spoiled.
I could bet you money on that. He will definitely be a good actor.
Oh well!
Hayama-kun, the real reason Sana-chan wasn't in the drama,
Would you like to spend the night at my house, miss?
Now let's go, miss!
That was really good!
Ah you mean that drama?
Kamura Naozumi.
Hmm? What, what is it, what?
She did that for me. Because she didn't want to hurt my feelings.
I... I'm always saved by you.
We had a party at my house, and we're taking Aya and Hisae back to their homes.
No!
Ummm... that was...
Then you'll pull away!
Simply singing for a relax
Dad, that's really rude.
Family reunion.
I'm back. Today was such a bad day
Where the hell can you find 'motherly oven'?
But it's really expensive, about 7,000.
now it's all destroyed!
Never thought this would happen. Never.
But I'm from Osaka!
An actress, this is who we have to represent
The destiny of Tokyo tower is like a candle in the wind.
The robot is pretty strong
What should I do?
That's useless too.
Please.
Akito...
Good morning, Sana.
I can't go to school like this! And I can't work like this either.
The fried noodle I ate yesterday?
Oh, somebody's here.
You stink too
I hate the pig! Idiot!
Grandpa turned into a salmon.
I'm not sure.
Where does the prince live, Fuka-chan?
Yeah, it's pretty easy to take the train to get there.
Hey, I'm prince
So it looks like the wrinkly old lady is right
Undo the spell please, wrinkly old lady.
This isn't fair
Oh, yeah, I won't believe you!!!
Don't want one
Being like this the rest of our lives
a girl with three moles on her behind
What did you say?
you all should've finished reading the whole thing.
Bitter feelings are really strange and dizzy
Bababababa!
Simply singing for a relax
I am Kurata Sana. A first year junior high school student.
Episode 91: Fan comes to visit first thing in the New Year
Right! Realistic!
Thank you so much, sensei.
I can't believe my usually lazy Mama would wish for something like this
Sensei! The manuscript hasn't finished yet! Come back!
I like the normal Mama better.
So... my New Year's wish is...
Well, Sana has always been lucky in terms of work.
Where did she go? Seems strange!
But I want to be an actress for the rest of my life.
Is that so?
Block the under stratum up on purpose that it'll look like more things on it.
Oh, this is for me
F. C is unit of photic lum.
F.C. 's banner. It has to be here.
Definitely.
You're really here.
I wonder if I can still fit into it.
recorded every show that has Sana-chan in it
Next time, no matter if it's TV shows or films,
Please work hard on it
That's the Sana-chan they like.
I am in the same situation as them, so I understand.
Back then, why did you...
I had no choice but to use that line
I wanted to hear your thoughts once more
Back then I didn't bother to listen to your opinion.
I am really happy already.
It's... math?
The math teacher
Excuse me, these are the Daifuku mochi our guest brought.
Staff will contact you about the details.
When you're calm you always get a shock
It's a different now
Aoki Award winning Mama and squirrel Maro-chan.
The math video teacher.
Episode 92: Not A Simple Math Video
Sana, you're excited.
Oh yeah, Hayama came to my house too.
Why the dad?
I'll see you later!
your first job is some dull role.
I am the director Karesusukibara.
Y... yes...
I think this problem of whether she could do math or not happened before.
Let's go.
She surprised us with movies and Broadway,
The run is going down soon.
because we don't have money.
Cut cut!
Director! Today, let's stop the multiplication now.
Oh, I don't get it, it's all gibberish.
I understand,
I understand, if it means that much to you.
Oh you guys came.
Ah where is Chitose-kun?
you don't know that even the elementary scholars could solve.
But you gonna try to teach math. I think it's impossible.
Sana-chan, then do you wanna quit this job?
You could do that!
...when I came back it was the same
I cant's do that!
Stop...
Anybody else?
Thank you because I am a weakling who can't even do multiplication.
and while I struggled and struggled,
Fuka-san!
Fuka I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Fuka.
You're welcome! We're good friends!
Ah this is so peaceful.
Mizoguchi-san took most of Fuka's and my ideas.
With this, the math teacher video volume 1 will end.
It's finally over.
But if the reviews are not good...
And Sana-chan got infected too.
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
Even shining heads go pir pir!
Moveies and the Broadway show were successful
So we'll see when the time comes...
Fax?
I wanted to thank you for the huge bouquet.
I'm still alive.
Makes me uncomfortable,
Everyone's saying it.
You said your mom's job isn't going so well.
Wow, they know about going to the temple for prayer too?
Person from walls?
It's a fantasy world.
If you're the real Sana then get a grip.
And she's going everywhere in the country, like the old you.
It's because... We don't have enough money!
This is all due to Sana-chan's help.
But before they said I was a fake.
Not in a good mood?
I've always respected your work and I've never had anything against it...
Whose concert?
You should take a bath and get some sleep soon.
Translated by Azulet.
Nah... no the police. We should all go and take a look.
What theory it is?
I don't scared him
Then that was...
If my brother graduates and becomes an editor himself, he has more drive, and...
You shouldn't go alone.
Over there.
Looks suspicious.
Really?
Wait a second.
Seems so.
Please move aside.
...and you are trying to be me?!
This is not a bit exaggerated.
...working for a low budget video series.
Geez... you're so...
...you punk.
Everyone, do you all know about the math teacher video series?
We highly recommend it.
A lot of excitement. Definitely worth checking out.
This is good, Sana-chan.
There's someone here to see you, Mizoguchi-san.
Sana-chan.
I think they were great... help.
A lot of kids, due to disease and disbility, can't go to school.
Watch and learn from videos at home.
So that's why.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
I'm great and matchless when I'm relaxed!
Haha
I finished all the things I need to do, even the air smells very fresh.
Why are you feeling so gloomy?
Not bad, quite amazing.
Everyone, let's have PE instead of language class.
This kind ofjob is way too cruel
Being stepped on by those old ladies can't be good for anyone.
Right, attack while we are on top so we can get to the heart of this.
One is weak...
That is really a good phrase.
Let's cheer each other on.
What?!
It's all broken.
Zenjirou-sensei... Zenjirou.
So this is it, you don't need to fine it.
Of course we can.
If I become a ghost I will come to find you.
I know, I will help at tomorrow's meeting.
Are you sure you can really do it?
Can you hand write it? We should type it because that's neater.
Really, I understand.
What?
They say that they're only good friends forever...
...but it's very clear that they like each other.
Finished.
Thank you.
We have a lot of hopes for you.
Suddenly falling asleep.
Alright Let's go, Zenjirou-sensei.
Alright let's go, Sana-chan
Sana-chan, be careful.
What's happing?
The proposal is gone, where is it?
Video...
...math teacher...
Zenjirou-sensei!
Today and yesterday we have a lot of free time
I'm great and matchless when I'm relaxed!
Even shining heads go pir pir!
Episode 95: Back to Normal.
I'll have him call you back when he gets home.
It's really nothing important. I'll call again some other time, bye.
That's right, Takaishi-kun already has Shizu-chan.
As I was saying,
You look...
I see. I see.
You guys too?
Not chosen.
Time is to lunch, Agency Babbit Have lunch!
Everyone's talking about it...
Juka and Hayama, already broke up,
Still partnered with Zenjirou-san?
That means... I shouldn't call him either.
Oh yeah, I'm going to Tokyo with my friends next Saturday.
Broke up...
Didn't know that another boy, suddenly revealed his love to me.
huh? The Always Willing Trouble Helpers?
Yeah, yeah.
No, what we have in mind is sending Sana-chan and Zenjirou-san to the street
We even prepared your costumes!
Well, we need to use brilliant colors. They suit you very well.
What are you doing?
We waited for an hour to get only one customer.
Excuse me, my back itches, will you scratch it for me?
Would you like to go to the Valentine event?
Really, really!
Oh? It's Kurata sana!
How did I get in here?
Hold on a sec!
but take a look at my injured heart!
This is really something he shouldn't brag about.
This is a great them me for our program!
I lied saying that I had gymnastics practice, come to think of it,
it was really not necessary.
Zen-sama, let's limbo!
Someone help me!
Yeah?
Fuka?
I'm so happy... so very happy...
One step different from being relaxed
Bababababa!
Simply singing for a relax
My heart... belongs to you alone.
Look it's so long!
Haha, I really don't know what the heck he is about!
You will?
Really, I have to learn how to do that from you.
No no, we can't believer you've leaving Asako-chan.
Well then let's go.
Must be nice being an actress.
This is a little gift from the company, please don't mention it.
He really knows to take things slow now.
Eh? She's going to get married? To whom?
Sana-chan, you're not getting married, are you?
Of course.
Oh, ok, I will find you tomorrow then.
Are you packed for our London trip?
Rei!
Go back to Sana-chan!
There's no need to be THAT excited.
Ah, sir, hello, hello it's all thanks to your help. Sagami san!
The contract is valid for the first year...
No more time to waste.
Are you listening? Rei-kun.
Oh, wait a minute.
Ah, I've forgotten all about it.
Sagami-san? Please help me.
He left, I have no choice now but to move everything by myself.
There's a huge traffic jam here.
This is the famous idol Naruru-san who has suddenly announced her engagement.
Today, she will travel to Hawaii for her wedding ceremony.
Dammit! Why are you guys always here at the worst moments?
But you have become impatient, and now you want to leave me behind.
He's an important part of our family.
and ye! you always shilly-shally,
I win!
Here, wipe your nose.
Although you're right, the boys in this class certainly are dumber than monkeys.
I'm done with it.
If you realize the extent of everything you've done,
--Did you hear that? Did you hear that? --Unbelievable!
You break your promise, and you're stripped!
It'll be okay now, most likely. Look, Kurata got the pictures from Hayama...
Sana-chan's fans from awl over the country have been worried
Zenjiro-sensei, you have a fairly big problem keeping things private.
So that's how it gets back to me, huh?
It's so refreshing, like the scales have fallen from my nose.
Eh? You've got scales on your eyes!
Dummy, like you've got them on your nose?
That's good to hear.
Boss monkey... switch!
Hayama, if you use violence, you'll be stripped! Stripped!
I guess Gomi's reign only lasted for one period.
The problems of 6th Grade 3rd Class had been solved...
No, I don't. What's wrong?
As the days go by, he's been more or less isolating himself, huh?
What you mean is "suspicious" character.
What a performer! Look, it's Sana-chan, all right!
What do you want?
I'm going! Shut up!
This week's Sana-chan
But I'm not sure if it's that he doesn't have anyone like that,
You're such an idiot, Tsuyoshi!
I have! She looks funny! She has the same face as he does!
Ah, please do.
When is this ever going to be a normal class?
Thanks, everyone.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
Don't stare at me from a distance, okay?
During the uproar over that essay, Naozumi-kun defended Sana-chan, didn't he?
Here it is.
Sana-chan!
--Sana-chan, what company are you keeping with Naozumi-kun? -- Here they come, ambush reporters. 
I've been behind you the whole time.
Well, I haven't really thought about it.
You must be fairly ahead of the others in school, too.
Is there a boy that you hang around with?
No, that was rough.
Huh? Hold on a second!
They caught me, and peppered me with questions.
Something funny's going on...
I just got a little careless.
What's wrong, Hayama? In a bad mood?
Nyah! Take that!
He's got a fever now.
Sagami-san, there's a phone call for you.
No, I don't want to buy a membership to some scrub brush club!
The snake!
Granules. Why are you asking?
Don't open your eyes.
Yes, then we can beat him to the announcement.
Your mother died soon after giving birth to your brother, right?
Sana-chan, I just feel so creeped out. I'm afraid to go outside.
Don't panic, Sagami.
Stop.
It disgusts me, but just think of it as being bitten by a snake, and get past it.
Time to panic.
The soup is ruined, too. This is all our fault.
"Our"?
--Stegosaurus? Hey! --My sister worked really hard making it for me! What did you do that for?
 into little pieces- itafu bread is also okay. 
 Crack some eggs, too- 1, 2, 3, 
 Salt and pepper- 
In the meantime, I'll work on a salad.
"Sudden confrontation!"
We'll let this incident pass,
Hey, Pop, make the underside of the tail slightly more pale. Don't disrespect it.
I'm going to record this in my picture journal!
...up to now, just for today,
"quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
We will always stand by you, Tsuyoshi-kun!
Bitter feelings are really strange and dizzy
You should be happy,
Who's the guy creating such a romantic atmosphere in the opening scene?
Who is this guy?
At that time
I don't wanna
Episode 97: The happy-lending-money scheme.
The milk has formed a bad omen.
A Zombie like last time? Zombie?
It might be an alien.
Everything above is purely fictional. Fictional?
Lend me some money! You have to return the money you borrowed!
Here's a hundred thousand yen.
See you!
You lent him money? Yep.
Usually, his eyes look like dead fish, or pancakes that have gone bad.
The trailing continues.
He hangs around those people...?
Ahhh! My nose!!
She's really pretty.
Isn't she? Makoto-kun's hair is black.
So he opposes your marriage?
is she upset that her ex-husband is going to remarry?
Can you call me Ryouske?
We're on the 'pirate ship' already anyway.
there's only two letter difference between Misako-san's and Miyoko-san's names.
Are you preparing the dinner?
It's probably Makoto-kun's favorite.
What a great mother.
Don't worry, madam.
To become a great person.
While this is going on, we'll take Makoto-kun out in a flash.
Sorry to interrupt, hello!
Good work...
The face is an actress's life... what would I do if you ruin it?
Then this is your own idea?
No economic abilities, if you are with him, you're destined to work hard.
I beg you.
That gigolo Ryousuke is this serious...
That guy? So hot.
a millionaire she's thinking about marrying.
When she likes someone who likes sexy, she dresses like this.
She always gets dumped in the end.
But I can't see why she would worry about me.
Mom...
I thought that this time, I'd find you a good father.
No way, you have no financial support
That's right. I'm heartbroken. Why don't you comfort me?
When you're calm you always get a shock
I'm always relaxed
The Barbe Show of Tomo-chan and Sana
Who in the world wants to be Natsumi's boyfriend?
It's done.
Cut this in half. Here you go!
Okay, here's your portion.
Forget it, maybe next time.
Probably jogging somewhere around here.
What's up. All of a sudden?
Well, what kind of person is he? I'm soooo concerned!
Oh, good afternoon.
Hey, Akito, are you dating each other?
Sana had to get adrift.
I summoned up all my courage, and gave him a Valentine chocolate.
It's only a matter of time. Who's next?
I understand. Dad's office.
I'm so jealous
It's the first time I see him sunned like that. Me too.
Huh? Isn't that...
Sana-chan, say something to your fans.
But, the one next to him isn't Aayama's sister!
Umm... should I tell Hayama's sister?
It's probably a better idea to keep it to yourself.
Sorry about that. My brother is not very social.
Sister's boyfriend I don't know what to say!
That Nishiawa.
What are you saying? Do you have the right to say that?
Not again!
See you later.
Ah! You are...
That's that. Fuka, what should we do first?
Ah, wait. Don't move.
Please, stop, Sana-chan! Wait.
You've pretty defiant!
So, everyone's here, that's great.
Didn't you say you had something to do? So you're on a date with another girl.
No.
We didn't...
Hayama...
Akito! You're the last one! Make sure to lock the door after you leave!
Then you'll pull away!
My best friend that I met in the bathroom, Fuka.
I don't know.
Akito-kun, sorry...
...used violence towards a student from another school - A HIGH-SCHOOLER...
You didn't?
is it to make weak people obedient to you.
I can't trust that!
The principal even says not to judge the students with prejudice.
That man, he really wants me to get expelled.
Oh well, teachers are humans, too.
...but get pissed off when they see Kurata Sana.
...and get attacked suddenly...
Really in a sense, I'm weak.
there no limit to it.
I think you should at least go rather than sit around doing nothing.
How could I start the Karate Club?
I don't have any idea right now.
So I have to gather 5 people?
To capture a middle-school student who wants to do karate alive nowadays.
Sensei, you know you can't use that way to solicit for a club.
That's it!
Onda, Ink! Yes, sensei!
Let's make tea.
No! If you get hurt in karate, it will be horrible,
flashing a smile, really good.
Babbilele Gang's ukulele show: ayayayaya,
Who are you?
Ishida-kun, you'll actually join the Karate club for us?
You're stuttering, bloody nose.
so I thought that I could appear as Sana's
ok, my note, my note...
You like her, don't you?
Wait... don't run away!
Here?
Ooh, how nostalgic.
Located in the center of the Shiga prefecture,
If many men apologize together, you'd say' Tanks a lot'
Are you making up an sentence now? Then I'll say thank you very much!
Sengoku-sensei is against karate?
Hmm... The rumor that you broke up with Naozumi-kun, is it true?
That's not light.
Karate club karate club karate...
Thos people, if we put on a sweet face they will run wild.
I know.
Alright, we're done for today.
Bye, see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow, Nakao-kun
March 7th., Sana Sana Sana...
Sana Sana Sana Sana Sana... Kurata Sana,
The first and last Karate Club.
I wonder why Sengoku-sensei and Hayam-kun have such a bad relationship.
I can't be a weakling like this. Tomorrow I'll go to school definitely
I have to take back today's part. The karate club is so hard-working,
I admire them, I'm glad that I'm in it.
Danm it! Hey don't touch that. That's because you put it there!
Seafood taste griddle cake? There will be many seafoods on it.
I forgot his name again. What is this!
Yama... yama no... yama no anata...
Yamano Anatano Soratoku
Excuse me...
Absolutely, you're right.
Compared to some weak manager who was looking for a girl.
he had more will power
Give it up.
Karate is not about looking cool!
Yes I will he's bleeding again!!
Two more. Yes!
Alright, mom's breakfast! Fried rice, fried rice!
Sorry to keep waiting! Kurata Sana, the nichoku, has delivered the eraser to you
Come on, nowadays there's not that many karate freaks in middle school.
What do you mean to make it humorous? Don't expect results so suddenly.
You made this? Yeah we're gonna tape it in our meeting room.
it wasn't until yesterday night.
There's no doubt that Hayama is involved in this.
missing!
Nakao!
Sengoku Sensei, please help me!
but Hayama said that I can't do Karate anymore so
Hey hey what does it say? Hey read it!
How did you feel about him? How? He sounded like a girl...
but how he was acting.
please remember something about Nakao-kun and tell me.
One step different from being relaxed
I've never been absent from school and that was my only pride.
and I was forced to quit Karate Club. I have nothing left for myself.
I didn't understand him either.
Three Disappeared Together
Don't let Hayama hear this word.
Ah... my mother is diagnosed with an incurable disease, so I have to nurse...
Sorry bye! This is true.
Hey listen up. I heard about you wanting to get your belt.
irresponsible
Existence worth, but I'm saying that you have no meaning in life.
You go to far.
Wow you could peek inside there! With my graceful Komawari Step,
Who... Nakao! It's me!
I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to Nakao.
I'm gonna become a mummy.
So? It's in my bag.
She was with Akito
Don't be silent, that makes me lonely.
I thought that you wanted to quit the Karate club.
No it's not! When you apologize from the heart then you look at the person
And nobody cares about me. So I thought that I'll become a mummy, here.
Hey you! Kurata! Leave it!
Don't shake it, my head hurts.
You guys are always so cool. Cool? Who's cool?
Hayama-kun is so great, not anything like me.
He is so uncool that there isn't anyone like him.
I'm not crying idiot!
I don't understand
Where did brother go? Is it because we said that the curry was disgusting?
Kurata-san also? Yes those two were slinky
Hayama who wanted to make a Karate Club badly took out Nakao-kun
counter pull him
Wait!
Seriously Nakao! Help us!
Nakao! You're the only one that can do it!
Hang on Sana! Ha... yama...
Nakao!
Nakao!
Sana...
was I think Nakao!
Even if we had the key it won't work, the door is stuck
Nakao! Akito!
Akito-kun you're bleeding!
Mama.
That's fine
Yeah
She looked alright as well
Oh you're here. Yeah
A thing like that happens, and they think they have no meaning in life
I'm sick of life, everything is so annoying.
But I'll hold myself back because father is an adult
Akito do you want to change schools?
Excuse me. Huh, no one's here
Yes! I understand!
thought that I was not a living being.
What else do I have, Sensei?
doing Karate club with us
we're trying to
So you used a wet vernicle to erase so I got new brush from the storage room.
They said that they're going to demolish this North Wing this year
Tomorrow's my next belt test. Oh yeah! For your black belt!
AHHH! They're do... doing it...
"Breakfast with Sana and Mama."
You don't need to rush so. Your school isn't going anywhere.
Okay, okay, perhaps I should explain some things here.
Today, there is a live broadcast of a show called "Child's Toy,"
Where did my desk go?
Oh, here it is, here it is.
Anyhow, this desk is mine! Get your filthy feet off of it!
Come on! Babbit! Babbit! Move your feet! Come on! Come on!
A pair of cranes slipped on some--
What? What?
What is it? What's going on here?
Aah! You're after him!
That dummy needs to get "ba-bing!" socked sometime! Ba-bing! Ba-bing!
It's okay, it's okay!
Thanks for doing xxxxx's new single, "xxxxxxx." It's great, huh?
Does anyone have any eye-poppingly good looking teach-uhs?
That is a zoo! And the boys are just monkeys on Monkey Mountain! Monkeys!
when you've been all backed up, and all packed up, and then...
Sure.
? The teacher is crying, the boys are all wild monkeys ?
You're two minutes faster than yesterday. Nice job.
Right. Shall we try it?
you'd see a bunch of incredibly barefaced fools!
Ah! It got pounded in! I can't go on television like this!
These are great!
You guys!
How do I beat him? How do I beat him?
sprinkle you with soy flour, and eat you up!
We'll do it after school.
I'll just do this all the way to the school gate,
It also takes calcium and some DHA--
Gag me.
So then, was there anything else?
Out of the way, you dummies! How could you do this!?
Eh? This is your first time, huh? Congratulations.
But if you can't keep up, you can run away--
Answer me seriously!
If you butt in one more time, then starting tomorrow,
Ee-yow!
What can I do to beat him?
Sometimes, people have to play dirty in life!
Dracula!
Would you cut it out, alrea-- dy...!?
Y- you don't think that he's so far removed from humans
Come on, spit it out.
--Hold her down! --Right!
L- lightning!?
This is too cruel...
Yes, I'm sorry about this.
between work and play, right?
Well after all, there's nothing but really weird stuff in here.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
I always feel Relax,
Right now, he's earnestly on the way to becoming a fine manager.
Yahoo! A break! Yay! Yay!
...the suspect who was arrested at the scene was Oki lsao, age 41.
You can stay home... if you want.
Hayama!
So, you felt the same way, huh Hayama?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, you mean the news yesterday, by any chance?
We're divorced and all,
but apparently, the guy doesn't have any other close relatives or anything.
...he hated them.
Huh? What's the matter, Aya-chan?
After what happened to your old man!
Uh...
Dad actually did do a bad thing.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
First off, the lead character's father gets arrested.
Don't be hasty, Tsuyoshi-kun!!
S- Sana-chan, you too!
This is an anime, so we can do this. Don't you do it for real, now.
I've had enough of this.
Tsuyoshi-kun! You can't die!
That should be obvious!
Let's go.
In any event, word is that he was hitting them for no reason.
Let me have them. You can give him gifts, so I'll give them to him for you.
Did you see your dad?
But I can't say that! Not when I think about Tsuyoshi-kun's feelings.
I'll turn into a toad.
Adults may have their situation, but children have their situations, too!
They may have split up, but the dad is still the dad,
They said Dad wasn't hitting them for no reason, but that he had grounds to!
 Han-pan-pa-pan! Clap to the rhythm! 
Mom was brooding all last night...
If you're going to go, then just go!
Dad!
Dad...
I must... have worried you.
I'm sorry.
Tsuyoshi...
...going to go bald in the future, huh?
"Back against the wall."
to always go along with the scenario.
And our usual classroom...
...for two.
"Operation Eyeball, Toothball!"
Are you all right?
A contest?
We're getting nowhere the way things are.
What is she thinking?
What's with that anxious look on your face--?
It's an "Easy for Everyone Bungee Jump Set!" It cost 30,000 yen.
which can pick up even the quietest voice. We'll use this to compare our voices.
Oh, dear! You nervous? Or are you a "baby?"
Don't tell me you're afraid of heights.
I'm not sure what happened, but that means I won, right?
I lost...
? The weather may have cleared, but my heart is still dark ?
Stop! Anything but that!
Sensei!
are, um... how shall I say...?
You were making out?
Ah, thanks.
Hm, but that's not possible. It's not like he's going to agree to listen to me.
let's hea-uh about these make-out pitch-uhs.
"An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth."
What's that?
--Oh, I get it! I can do that! --So, yeah, about these make-out pitch-uhs...
What was that just now?
What!? I wish you had never been born! If only you weren't around!
Oh, what happened to your hand there?
What did you do that for all of a sudden!?
So, maybe I'll make a bunch of copies of this
and paste them up all over school!
Yuck! That's some yucky, yucky business!
"Lone Wolf, Awooo!" "Lone Wolf, Awooo!"
"Thump! Thump! Thump!"
Yeah.
All right...
No more tormenting the teacher, or interfering with the lesson. Got that!?
Hayama! Come here a second.
Come on.
Come on!
You call that an apology!?
--Did you hear that? Did you hear that? --Unbelievable!
Now have yourself a change of heart, with a whack!
--If you're lying, you swallow a thousand needles! Got that!? --How sissy...!
Well, all's well that ends well.
I'm going to hand them out all over!
Is this any time to be saying that!? Put a stop to it, former boss monkey!
Both of you, don't fight!
You're no challenge at all!
He may be behaving himself now,
Why do I have to go through something this painful!?
Please? I'm a fan!
Well, remember my autograph, okay?
It's like he doesn't open his heart to anyone.
or if he's just the type that doesn't have them on purpose.
Just thinking that there's somebody like that...
I see...
? that I never even thought... ?
wearing those round glasses!
"Thank you very much! Thank you very much! Thank you very much!"
Once he snaps, he's famous throughout the group
"Naughty Hayama, Where Are You Going?"
Morning!
Good grief!
Those boys really get my goat!
Ah, what are you kicking it there for!?
Who are you calling Peggy?
You know what? I enjoy every day-
It's like, every year, I make more and more friends-
W- w- w- why do you have to be like that!?
You think that your way of thinking is the only right way, don't you?
Well, don't force it on me, it's annoying!
How could you want to die---?
--Mama, you're all flustered- --This is too strange!
Sana, are you sure you're not feeling out of sorts?
I'm sorry about yesterday- I didn't mean to make you worry-
Good, it looks like you've cheered up-
Are you having a hard time at work?
Uh, nothing, never mind-
"The people in Hayama's family"
All the other kids have already finished their parent-teacher conferences!
I'm a little confused- Could'ja explain it again?
--Sorry to intrude! --J- just a minute, now!
I can't help it if it burned!
It'll be your fault, Akito! Everything is all your fault!
You're the one who killed Mother, after all!
No, no, not at all-
All right!
Watch it, watch it, I'm begging you!
"Hmm?"
? Unforgivable, and I can't take it! ?
--I'm playing the policeman- I even have a line- --super-happy!
I was so happy!
I myself hate the way I am-
Sissy--- That's not it- I just---
and she had to go to the hospital---
And all I ever wanted was to just be happy, too!
I'm sorry--- I---
It hurts to be told that, even when we're acting-
I'd like to hear about the relish you're undertaking this with-
Ah- You're the nice girl
and then he became the lonely wolf!
President, who in the world was that little fireball of a girl?
Favorite color, mmm--- I'm sure it was sea cucumber-color---
It'll be contagious! Absolutely!
What are you running away for? It's me! It's me!
It's already 8 o'clock! Why aren't you watching my drama!?
Now, now, just watch-
"Stripped!"
Do as your mother tells you!
I've--- I've--- been awful to Akito, quite truthfully-
but at least for now, things should be a little better for him-
She called us "Chicken-and-egg dum-dums-"
C- chicken-and-egg dum-dums?
What do you mean by that!?
Oh no, I'm going to be late for school!
Now then, Dad's going to go off to work-
Here, your usual-
It's your allowance-
W- watch out! Watch out! Watch out, I say!
"Basking in the sun at noon recess!"
Sensei, you're the guest today on "Laugh Away," right?
What's the matter, Sana?
Under the weight of a waterfall,
S- stop that, please, both of you-
I'm sorry-
Sensei, it's your editor, Onda- I've been staying overnight here
or it won't be in time for printing--
Sensei, you're such a good person---
Anyhow, I made him my boyfriend!
How exactly did you mean, hermit?
Rei!
Now that I think about it, that is a little weird, maybe---
? Hey! Don't panic in an emergency, ?
You can't play dumb with me!
Rei--- I've been looking for you, all this time---
"Kodomo no Omocha"
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
I'm Babbit.
They're teachuhs who are... getting it on with each othuh.
What's happening?
Is this only your classroom!?
What happened?
...what is the meaning of this!?
Then Mitsuya-sensei came in and gave them a warning.
You were going to say you weren't any good at it, and push it all on me, huh?
And I'm not doing my hair up!
Like this!
I'm not wearing that! I want a wedding dress!
So, Hisae-chan and Gomi-kun called out to the others, and ultimately...
"Shut up"?! Did you just say "shut up" to me!?
Hayama-san!
Okay then, girls, as girls...
She's all fired up!
Sensei, things are looking up.
Everyone else, start playing too!
Ooh, listen to that!
What is 3rd Class doing here!?
You're being too loud in here like this!
Andoh-sensei, please don't be fooled!
Okay, Baby's Rock!
I knew he would say that.
You're doing fine, huh?
Tsuyoshi-kun isn't here...
Just the curry by itself is like having stew, and it's yummy, huh?
--Yummy!
Everyone, let's study the spirit of Japan!
Garbage?
What do we do?
your mother forgives you!
Sensei, you don't have any room to speak.
I thought this might happen, so ta-da!
I've had enough of this, myself.
Would you please admit defeat already!?
Look out, Andoh-sensei!
Are you okay, Andoh-sensei?
"So, what are you going to do?"
Fall down already, Hayama!
I hate losing.
--So, who do we have remaining? --Oh, you're embarrassed!
Tanaka-sensei and Mitsuya-sensei, as well as?
Wedding dress!
I love you, too! That's why I want you to look even better by wearing a tuxedo!
I love you, Tanaka-sensei.
--Mitsuya! --and Tanaka...
--of their state of love-love!
Our apologies to all his fans.
Fighting is useless, and all for nothing!
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
...for two.
It's been a long time- You've been avoiding me, haven't you?
You can't play dumb with me!
Asako!
--Wait, I'm still talking! --And when eating dumplings,
--Geez, don't you remember how famous you are? --you eat them
--No! --with soba and eggs-
Oh, yow! Hmm? What's this?
Like I said, he's my boyfriend-
I see---
Talk about, you say?
Do you mean that seriously?
Mama, we're home! I brought one of those homeless guys
--That's why, even though she might be a child, --You can even be my pimp- I'll make sure
--when she thinks as much of me as she does, --to give you your allowance-
R---I---? R---I---?
Still, it is true that I came by train-
I called-
Bye-
At times like this, I should sing and blow them all out!
This is why you should use your Norinori machine at times like this-
? When you lose heart, smile, and you'll recover- ?
? Go! Go! To City Hall! Whoosh, let's go! ?
What's more, it's City Hall!
If you like him, then you should declare yourself with a kiss or two right away!
That's high, huh? We're going up higher and higher, huh Hayama?
so please make some serious observations, okay?
I know you told me not to come for you---
Ow, it's in my eyes-
It's going to get all sticky- Come on, hurry-
I'm sorry- I didn't mean for this to happen-
She's never been kissed-
Keep it together, Tsuyoshi! This isn't the classroom!
Going up-
and it was like she called out to me-
Sensei---!
"Back in high school"
Go to last week's VTR, and start!
Calm--- down--- you're disgracing yourself-
Silence-
I've only got the one-
Yo, squirt!
"Farewell, My Pimp"
What fate awaits Kurata Sana?
Nope- We've broken up, after all-
Not far hence is summer- Hark! We must devote ourselves---
--may be a bit rough--- --I almost forgot my gym clothes!
See you later!
She's not listening-
Flashback!
S- seven!?
She's not listening-
Okay, cut!
Bocari is a hit! Bocari Sweet!
Ah! Too much came off!
Yay! I can do as many as you like!
In the fall, we feel scholarly,
work up an appetite, and lick our ice cream!
Right!
This is dangerous!
Okay, I'll go home by myself- You guys take your time-
Fine with me! I'm going to find me an even better pimp--
His "I don't hate it" would seem to mean "I love it-"
My pop might be dying-
Knowing him, he's just being aloof-
Still, I'm concerned about Father Hayama-
What am I going to do---?
Kurata---!
All right, all right-
What makes you say that!?
Once he's grown into a good man, promote him to boyfriend-
Amateur-
"The Promise"
"Sana, the lonely wolf"
"Still, it's tough---"
"Pardon me, okay?"
This Time, Sana is the Lonely Wolf
Metamorphosis, huh?
Huh? Didn't I tell you? I've added three more-
What choice do I have? Metamorphosis!
Has eating that curry turned you into an Indian?
Let's go, boss!
Oh, really? Your birthday?
Chicken-fried garlic-
---you constantly, constantly, constantly, constantly have to do re-takes-
Okay, smile!
Clumsy-umsy-umsy, gonna cut it with scissors---
"A little while longer---"
Sana is depressed?
Yes- She said she wanted to be alone until it was time to shoot-
Could it be because I've got her doing too much work?
? Chan-chan, Bara-bara, "There's a cloud of dust!" ?
Okay, let's get going to work!
Okay-
Elegant and revitalizing, even in the jungle!
You bet-
Don't be doing anything so stupid!
Yeah, that's what I was thinking, too- That's not fair, huh?
That's enough, Hayama!
because they were having some fun with it-
Listen, you--- What good is it going to do for you to get mad?
Mm-hmm- I'll be right back-
"My bad"
"Forgive me"
Maybe I should go with the direct approach-
They're burying the hatchet already? How boring-
What is the deal with this crazy, bald old man!? Run!
Oki Tsuyoshi is now Sasaki Tsuyoshi-
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
Hayama, who hasn't appeared much lately.
The introductions today are quick.
It's delicious.
The big idol- that Tobita Mayu-chan?
Let's put all sorts of things in there! See? It's more lively this way!
What about the job?
She found out he was dating someone else.
Let me just say, we're only talking about within the anime!
Sure, as long as it's only one night.
--Zenjiro-chan, that wasn't funny enough. Do it one more time. --This is taking a long time.
Everyone else must be waiting for me.
Shorokutai, huh? Hmm...
What? She's coming later than me?
All right, at times like this!
Rei-kun, hurry!
Ah, Tomomi-chan? You're Tomomi-chan, right? Hello.
What is she going to do with that?
It's lame, all right.
--In that case, I would like Kamura Naozumi-san to be my co-star. --I told you that before, didn't I?
What should we do for presents?
How about if we all make handmade presents?
at something girly like that. Oh well.
Hey, what about you, Hayama?
Everyone from "Child's Toy" is coming.
You're all going to be working together, right?
Must be tough, huh?
Is that right?
An invitation to a birthday party for Zenjiro-san.
I'm the producer, Tsu. We're about to get started.
No! No! Stop!
--it's going to embarrass us all, understand? --she's strict.
That was a goof up, you know.
--If you keep on holding us back- --She's made her angry again.
Yuck!
I'm terribly sorry about this.
Please go on ahead with your love-love. Woof!
Huh? You two...
Now then, today is the last day, right? I'll go get my dog costume!
I've been watching you the whole time.
Okay, out! We'll use up to there.
Right! Right! What kind of program is this?
This little speech of mine was insensitive, huh? Sorry, sorry...
S- sorry! Sorry.
Mayu-san...
-- Zen-chan, your sideburns curl around. --How can they dignify putting on such a silly act?
smile so nicely.
Hmph. Why do I have to do this?
Once again, shall we... sing like this!?
That's what you say about times like these.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
The Confrontation Between Presents and Aya-chan's Love,
"The Path to Being a Fantastic Manager" by Obana Miho
"Summer clothes 1"
and that he didn't know where they had gone-
All right---!
I gave them 50 million in consolation money-
What?
--Money is not the issue here! --Don't act so smug over a measly 50 million!
Hey, you, hold it!
I hate to think about it-
Hayama---
his dad looked kind of lonely-
Now I'll never find a husband, for sure!
He might not have said anything to me, but what if he called over to your place?
"Us"?
He's fine-
But Big Brother, you've got hair!
You're starting to scare me!
"The second day is mountain climbing!!"
"For some reason, it's suddenly limbo time!"
"Pbbbt!"
"The Hayama family's happy circle"
What are you doing!?
Besides, there's no way your mom could hate you-
After it gets destroyed, you can always patch it up again-
Y- yes---?
About me? What about? What about?
What are you laughing at?
I was thinking--- if you get depressed or anything--- I'd like to help--- so---
Oh! You're embarrassed!
W- what's the deal with you!? You were crying just a moment ago!
? How rare, how rare, seeing Hayama smile! ?
How do you like this!?
We sure are amazing, aren't we?
I thought you might have been in an accident!
So, tell me all about it in your room-
Okay!
What are you talking about?
Oh, my- Is he a nancy boy?
Like that one thing he was in---
I can't wait-
I promised her she could a long time ago, so there's nothing I can do about it-
---look like this-
--"Waugh! We've had it! --"Waugh! We've had it!
as you'd expect of Komawari!
Nice to meet you-
--I am a genius at this, after all! --and has appeared in several other things, I'm sure of it-
Really?
I hope it's okay to be finishing so soon- I kind of feel let down-
"Gekidan Komawari Theatrical Presentation"
"Sana"
"Infuriating!!"
What do you mean, you know my secret?
But Mama has written an essay about that, and it's about to go on sale-
Aah! What comes next is too outrageous for me to say!
What's the story with that boy, really? He said he had the same past that I did-
Hold on--- Kamura---?
Right-
? When you're in a fix, don't think about it! ?
I'm not allowed to reveal the content of anything until it is published!
Warm-up exercises-
It says you have the personality of an honest person
It does, does it?
then I think I should keep out of it-"
I don't know-
? One, two, three, yay! Come on, one, two, three, yay! ?
Huh? How come---?
Uh, hello? I'm Zenjiro here! I'm Zenjiro, the guy who is on TV a lawt! Excuse me!
What's she like? The same as she is on TV, right?
Kissed him!?
Aren't you nervous?
A live performance, where outtakes are not allowed!
Youth! This is the time of our youth!
It's the story of a girl named Eucie,
What's the story with this guy? Huh, Hayama?
the power her astute manager has, is strong-
Good afternoon-
I'm sick of this war!
I've gotten nervous again before going on!
? The pounding of my heart is proof that I'm alive! ?
It's time to eat, everyone!
Oh? What do you mean, "Mistah"? I'm Zenjiro! The Zenjiro on TV!
Eucie was mistaken!
I didn't hear anything about this-
He's looking for some students- What do you think?
Don't rub my head-
"Ah, What a Surprise! Mama's Book"
Please don't pull me!
Mm-hmm- Principal Narunaru said that Hayama had a strong chop,
"I'll do it-"
and yet you always shilly-shally,
affiliated with Gekidan Komawari.
The mysterious white bat straight man.
Mm-hmm, but I have to keep an eye on the house today.
I'll go home and tell my mom, then go over to your place.
Isn't that nice, isn't that nice? I'm so jealous.
Those two are in love-love, huh?
Mm-hmm.
And then, remember, back in kindergarten,
Yakimochi "toasted rice cakes", you see, is just yakimochi.
Tsuyoshi-kun is, after all, still our Tsuyoshi-kun.
Huh? What's this?
Hey, don't run in the hall!
I don't know how to handle this. I've got Aya-chan.
After you fell in love with Kurata and Sugita
Oh, no...
Was it one of the girls in this class? Hisae-chan, maybe?
--Eriko-chan, maybe? --Tsuyoshi-kun!
Sana-chan, I can't! It'll just make trouble for me!
So that's it. I get it.
there's one other of Tsuyoshi-kun's friends-
I don't know who.
You mean, despite the fact
that everyone knows Aya-chan and Tsuyoshi-kun are in love-love?
when you like someone, you like them.
Yeah, but still, there's no way that Tsuyoshi-kun
Here are some cookies I made myself.
I did use to like you, Sana-chan, but I'm over it.
Yeah, like, really...
Hush, would you?
Okay, when in doubt, go orthodox-
I need to see Zenjiro-san.
Aren't you showing off a little there?
Just a minute!
Sana-chan doesn't discuss these things with me,
This week's Zenjiro-chan!
 even though he has Aya-chan! That's no good! 
someone else could give him a present, couldn't they?
Ah, Tsuyoshi is here!
Tsuyoshi-kun, you're so handsome,
See? This was all a stupid practical joke on their part.
he turned his interest to Aya-chan
Aono made this in school today. It's a present for you, Big Brother.
"Sugita"
--Go tell her "good morning"! Come on, come on! --I can't... I couldn't...
Good morning.
He's proposing! What will you do, Tsuyoshi-kun?
Oh, you're wearing a cheerful face today.
Ah, Tsuyoshi-kun!
Sana-chan, Akito-kun, sorry to make you worry. We're fine now.
As promised, we're going to the Kusatsu hot springs!
Hayama!
You letch!
Can't you tell when I'm trying to be thoughtful,
Don't you lie to me! You're just a letch!
My dad and everyone will be completely okay with it-
Yes, I appreciate it-
Huh? It's night---
"Bathing time" Bath! Bath! Babbit, ba-bang, bang, yay!
Really, I still have the figure of a little girl-
Ah, I'm getting dizzy-
Is it--- that funny?
Get this- She's got three moles on her--
I'd like---
It's got to be ramen-
Yeah, huh?
It's no use! Once I feel hungry, there's no going back!
I don't have anything like that-
--Oh, it's moving! --What's going on?
Do you mind if I take this person's weight dummy with me?
I am going on a joiney too, on this elevatuh-
Don't go taking another one just because you dropped it-
Anyhow, I'm going to Awstralia for a little while-
I humbly partake!
"Still can't sleep"
Say, Hayama,
That was the reason for this book- To find my real mother-
And even if she reads it, she might not come forward-
Thanks---
The press conference was held after the taping of his drama,
The agency he is affiliated with has refused all interviews-
What? Him, too? Hey---
Yes- That is where I grew up-
--Yeah! --Dad!
? I'm staying home at the Hayama house! ?
Please contact me as soon as possible-
I don't want to meet her yet-
The dazzling, brilliant sky, and the white clouds that kindly protected me,
You raise the child you bear-
and yet there are people who can't?
Stand up-
"There are sitting fools, and there are fools who watch-"
I could also say it's astounding- 14, huh?
Right? Right?
Never mind that, there's something that I've been really wanting to ask you-
? ---was just born today, this pretty baby- ?
Huh? Hayama liked that one! What, was that funny?
Oh, sorry- It's just so rare for this boy to laugh-
Even more rare than a fish with a human face-
Cut it out!
What are you apologizing for?
She said she was going home for the day-
Okay, see you Sunday at Ribbonland!
I'll leave that up to Sana-
"I am nawt Zenjiro" I tried to flee to Awstralia, but to my suhprise, I didn't have any savings-
Not really-
Look, we're so high! Everyone looks so small, huh?
Yeah-
However, there is one thing---
---the thought of it--- is just too sad--- and so---
Oh, the press was no problem-
S- Shenshei, Shenshei, what ish dat?
Shenshei, pleashe shtop! All de wallsh are getting dented!
All right!
"Sam have a pen! Something one!"
Babbit will be hosting! I'm a little nervous about it!
Oh, it is? Okay then, Summer Vacation Special!
You're introducing yourself, huh?
--so I'll pick you up when school lets out- --Roger!
And now, here is your question- Please listen closely-
Okay, onto the contest! Look over there!
"Telegraph game"
"Zenjiro's Child's Toy"
Not really.
You don't say.
Inner tube! Swimsuit! Rubber raft! Skateboard! Watercolors!
that I was too busy to do because of work, all at once!
You mean like your studies?
Okay!
What's the matter, Hayama? Aren't you going home?
If you're not going to teach karate, then refund my tuition.
Are you trying to lecture me?
You can talk for the rest of your life.
Just a moment!
What do you want to learn? Techniques to let you win fights?
I pushed her into making that promise with me,
Yes, and as such...
An undisciplined kid like you!?
? Hayama taking karate? Ho ho ho ho ho! ?
? Come on, come on, tough it out, tough it out, Hayama! ?
Be grateful! Otherwise, I'm going to run riot!
Okay then, time for a commercial.
"Telegraph game" ...is having problems.
"Telegraph game" She's feeling reluctant.
Is that right? Well then, why are you--?
D- did you just say "Yes"!?
--Hey, you just said "Yes," didn't you!? --I'm still not doing anything but the basic exercises.
Yes?
I am in her debt for rescuing me when I was homeless.
Please don't do anything foolish--
I fell down.
All right, today I'll teach you the most basic of the basics, the forward punch.
Clouds! Sky!
Sorry about that.
Say, why did you suddenly start taking karate?
He wanted to do something...?
Should we cry, too?
I'm home!
so here I am again.
this early in the evening!? Oh, it's you!
Oh, what a fix, what a fix!
Clear, With Occasional Gone Missing
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy and good friend, I suppose.
Let's go, Sensei.
Amazing. You'd expect as much from a candidate to be the next head clerk.
Did you hurt yourself?
"Bow your head!"
What are you so excited about?
Oh, this is the toothbrush that Suke-san used?
...are very hot- from 60 to 90 degrees!
Oh, Sagami-san!
You're kidding! What are you doing here?
so by all means, come stay.
Snow!
Why is Hayama-kun at your side!?
When she came to Tokyo earlier,
Grandma seems to have taken a liking to Hayama.
I like the look in his eyes!
My children and I have taken her up on her offer. Here, have some more.
Oh, thank you.
--The first is "ofukuro" "mothers"; --Hold on, here.
That dance was lovely.
So then, Zenjiro-sensei-
Why don't you make up your mind, already, Mistress?
If you don't have a successor, it doesn't make any difference.
Excuse me.
After working so hard looking after Kurata Inn,
she has to turn it over to someone else,
But... but you heard what he was saying!
We are an old couple, and you, Sana-chan, our last hope,
But I'll be in middle school next year.
Hot, hot!
W- wait up!
You can't say you don't remember me!
Who are you?
I never said I was.
Right now, Akito and the others are skiing,
I won't wait any longer!
Or I should say... you see... what I mean is...
I was mistaken for the head clerk earlier, you know.
Grandma!
Mama!
Otherwise, I shall bring shame to you by chopping you into fine cubes!
Mama, save Grandma! Boss Kunisada is trying to take over Kurata Inn!
I dunno...
This week's Sana-chan. Wow, pretty cool, huh?
and apply myself to the manager business again!
...up to now, just for today,
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
That's far enough!
Now for a quick verse.
Kurata Sana. I've got an accuracy percentage of 95.
That's pretty lousy.
Hey, everyone, this is a big announcement! We're gonna find out who she's seeing!
No! I mean she's cute, like she was my little sister!
are you sure it was okay for you to say that?
Can we go tomorrow!?
Please, don't make trouble for Mama.
Back up, back up!
Okay, I'll be right back. Stay here, okay?
I don't really want to see him.
Who are you!?
Whoa, don't cry, don't cry, don't cry!
Not to worry. She has to be close by. Let's just look for her.
Any idea where...?
Mama...?
It's coming out, I tell you, it's coming out, I tell you, coming out, out!
Understood. I will contact Sana.
Look! Look! Look!
Deciphering the code is going to be hard.
Mister!
S- Sensei! There's a tiger! There's a tiger on the screen!
"I'm just a little bit hungry!"
Don't put it in as-is. Did you know that?
The main ingredient is the sausage!
I call this "Sausage-Gone-Missing Sour-Plum-Search Tea Over Rice."
How about the sausage radish version?
I left Mariko all alone, and went back inside the house.
All right then, please call out one last time to your missing husband, okay?
Mariko!
In any case, for the time being, come home with Uncle to my house.
--We were careful about that, too... --Mariko is our reason for living.
It sounds like you're very happy.
Why are you apologizing? You have to be happy!
Thank goodness you're safe!
Rhythm: an easygoing waltz.
"That's still a long way off..."
"Everyone could flunk"
"The test is in 3 days"
"Even ogres can be moved to tears"
"Hayama, son, where are you going!?"
"Nurse's Office"
Who are you, Mito Komon?
Sure.
? Let's go, let's go, to fun, fun, middle school! ?
? Those cute uniforms are a little embarrassing. ?
Yes. The road you must go down is endlessly long.
After that, middle school is nearly upon us!
Let's go junior high school!
Sensei, what's the matter?
Children, please don't be shocked when you hear this...
"Everyone could flunk" --Huh!? Flunk!? --Huh!? Flunk!?
Our class is significantly behind on the lesson plan, right?
That's right!
The test is in three days. Those who do not get passing grades
will not be allowed to enter Jinbo Middle School.
on language, math, science, and social studies.
Back then, I was quick to burst into tears,
Of course.
I- it's not so much this, as all of it.
? wanting to go to a country with no math. ?
"Zenjiro's 'Child's Toy'"
This is my fault.
Most importantly, Sana, you don't have any reason to be famous anymore.
? --fraction division, formulas and theorems! ? --What's so bad about math? Yay!
? What's so bad about math!? ? --What's so bad about math?
You guys got a lot of nerve!
What did you say!?
It's lame that all of us have to stay for after-school class.
Why are you doing this now, Hayama!?
--You're shameless! --Make-out?
You...
--Hold it! Hold it! --W- what's going on?
Just what!?
Hand it over! Hand it over! The teachers making out!
Hold it!
I don't even have it!
W- well...
And so, I intentionally took the role of the hated villain upon me.
Oh, my! What should I do? This is so embarrassing...
Look how pretty it came out!
the exhilaration of that summer...!
Right now, what children who are unsure of their futures need
--L- limbo... --L- limbo... --L- limbo...
Let's limbo!
They used to say "water spilled returns not to the basin" a long time ago,
Yes?
Okay, I'll tell the teacher "There was a huge herd of sheep crossing the road,
Stay back...
No!
Did something happen to you?
All right, I'll shake it out of you with my Burutcha--!
who has had that happen to her?
"Stop doing that" Oweowe.
Sure enough...
She said that just because you apologized,
which means that once water is spilled, you can't put it back the way it was,
we're still kids, and we're still young,
There's absolutely no way I'm going to have my friends
? every day is happy, happy, happy! ?
There is?
We put this on him...
Okay, how about this one?
Or this one?
Hayama! What good will running away do!?
he has had his heart wounded, too.
What a hawsh game this is! Zero! Zero! Zero! Zero!
Yeah, aren't they nice? I got them as gifts from New York.
Sensei, you know...
...said that even if you don't know what scars a person has on their hearts,
Let's go see!
Let's go!
Here's the picture.
If I had only measured out your water, you wouldn't have upset your stomach!
I'm a first-rate doctor! Who's a quack!? I'll kill you!
"Kurosuke..." Babbit will refrain from making any comments this time.
Yeah.
Maybe I'll sing!
I'd forgotten all about it! Do you guys remember?
"Soul-searching for this week"
"Cock-a-Doodle-Doo, Morning is Coming"
It's 9 o'clock already. Homeroom has begun.
I'm troubled that some of the girls
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
...who gave them that chick, right?
An egg!
Ah! There are people watching us on TV!
Where? Where?
Do something about that!
How about we cook it up and eat it?
I'll manage something!
Wow, he got it off, he got it off.
Welcome back, Aono.
You're right!
No!
Well, could we keep him at our old house?
until we can find somewhere else to raise him?
You had some fried chicken just this morning, didn't you?
Sensei, are you done with your manuscript yet?
Sana, be sure to live up to your responsibilities
Huh?
Nice work! Thank you very much! Good night!
Why, you...!
Turns out I drew the shortest straw of them all...
That settles it!
Hey, Aono!
Thinking back on it now,
Actually, we found a place that will take Piyoko for us.
Yes, hello?
This is your new home, Piyoko.
But you are one fool who will never learn, will you!?
"The Abyss"
"Who is the visitor?"
"President's Office"
You've got a bad habit of doing that.
Aah! She shot me 50 or 60 times!
Uncle, you never learn, do you?
What a super-lame doll.
His eyes are lame.
Ho, ho, what else?
It may be woik, but this is hawsh.
We didn't order those!
T- that's not what I was thinking.
the smile on your face looked very affectionate, Uncle.
bettuh paying!!
Leave it to us!
--I'm not sure about this. --I knew it! It's tasty woik aftuh all. It's gotta be tasty woik.
--It's all right, I turned him down. --It's gonna be fun.
H- how are you able to make that assertion, huh!?
shameless grade-schooler, aren't you!?
No problem, no problem.
"Gekidan Komawari" is looking for new members for this term!
Don't put on fake commercials!
Where?
And you just let her go without saying anything?
How'd you marry upwards like this, you femme fatale?
All else aside, Mama is still a woman, after all.
Once Kurata comes out, we jump out and start running around acting wild.
Hayama Chop!!
"Please use responsibly..."
How is this tasty!?
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
Sure enough, when you put up a tree,
You are high-spirited!!
 and guess what, it falls on Christmas Eve! 
Sensei...
If it's Heal-Band, does that mean...
Today's another happy day of work on "Child's Toy."
--Hey, Yoko-chan, how are you? What are you doing for Christmas? --I'm going to bang out some good work today.
I wind up my sideboins extra-coily, wear the suit I keep in resoive,
Okay, see you when we shoot that commercial, okay?
--Hoy! Hoy! Hoy! Here's your invitation to my Christmas plus middle birthday party! --Thank you, Sana-chan. --Wonder what I should wear?
Sana-chan, do you really feel that way about Hayama?
I knew that I would have to ask you directly about this sometime or other...
Eh!? Declaring your feelings!?
Oh, this is so cute! You think Tsuyoshi-kun will like something like this?
Nope, not yet. This sure is hard to do, huh?
For one thing, I'm not even sure what he likes.
Akito-kun is also making a name for himself in the world!
Fight!!
Either side could win this, and it wouldn't be surprising!
K- k- k-
That's right...
it's going to cause another big uproar, huh?
Rei-kun!
And I answered him so gleefully...
What an utterly weird American.
...a mysterious alien of the planet Harehore from points unknown...
I mean it.
F- Father absolutely forbids it. To protect our pure, adorable Sana-chan,
Whoa, how do you already know about it?
No, I guess not.
I just can't! I don't know why, but I can't!
I can't!
but for some reason, I can't! I can't! I can't!
You'd call me that!?
Even though it was work, I kissed her on the cheek.
I've moved one step closer! Sana-chan, I'm sure of myself!
I've been waiting for an answer.
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
A Heart-pounding Kiss at Christmas
Who will Zenjiro-chan's date be? Will he even find one?
Ah, autumn!
I go visit the cemetery on my birthday every year.
No. Every year, I visit the cemetery.
It's Christmas Eve!
Never mind that...
What for?
your mother...
--Okay. --Okay. --Okay.
Hayama, who was that?
Which is it?
He can't tell anything from that.
See?
--It's absolutely not. --...that was so funny when that happened!
No, I want it!
I am Kurata Shizuka.
Grandma here would be scary to run into on the road at night.
Here you are, sir.
So, what are your interests?
Coincidence.
Oh, Onda!
I was unaware that you were one of the Madam's business associates.
Mama was?
Shimura, call the liquor store and fish shop!
This is delicious!
Grandma has completely forgotten what a wonderful little granddaughter she has.
"Ruse" Ah, I want to go to the hot springs.
This!
--As it happens, --She's exactly, exactly how she looks on TV.
uses the escalator system through high school and college,
You intend to sacrifice your own daughter, Sensei!?
? It's been entertaining and funny, thanks for coming! ?
I get it. There is some truth to that.
I'll think about it.
My Boyfriend Has To Grin and Bear It
"Study Hall"
"Special News Bulletin Kimuchi Takuya Urgent Press Conference"
S- sorry.
I used to be such a big fan of his, too.
"Study Hall" so I had to ride the train, and before I knew it, I was late!
This is the train.
Okay then, with that, please be sure to watch "Child's Toy"!
I told you, it's just a rumor.
Rule for being a manager number 1: Safe driving.
You should just leave it alone.
If I think about it too much, my head is going to pop like a sea urchin!
That's a fairly extreme proposal, coming from you.
Is that right?
You really don't have to wear that outfit.
I can't see very well from here. Over.
Tomorrow, we finally shoot the climactic kiss scene! The big smooch!
Over!
Geez, would you try keeping up with yourself sometime, for crying out loud?
Click...
No, there's only one thing that I want.
Wherever you are, at all times, you have to think about Sana above all else.
This lecture has been going on since yesterday. That's not harping on it?
Yes...
There's just no calming you down.
Could we have a moment, please?
? Sneaking photos of them on their date? ?
? Everything's aboveboard here, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! ?
and scrape up enough to get you everything you want.
Thank goodness the car is fixed, huh? Let's go, let's go!
"The Snake Stomps In With His Shoes Still On"
It's just a bogus photo to begin with- Ah, damn it! Why, you...
- and there's nothing to it- What!? Yikes!
You can go now...
"The Yellow Letter Co." What?
Even this?
W- why not!? With Kurama and Kamura causing a big stir among the public right now,
I can sort of make out the face on this Hayama boy,
Uh... um...
No, I couldn't...
No, that was rough.
You shouldn't have to think about it that hard, right?
You just have to give me a simple answer.
That guy is the woist!
Nothing, much.
Like that time I blew off woik and hung out in front of her house,
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
That's not so unusual, though.
Nothing.
He appears to be gone now. He's not that big a snake at all, is he?
Hey, it's so dark, it's not turning out.
Kurata...
What's going on?
Don't tell me you weren't aware of that, right?
Which kind of stomach medicine do you take, pills or granules?
You don't have to stoop to this rotten sort of work.
This is Hayama Fuyuki.
I'd like to write an article about the things they have in common in that area.
That's her!
Are you in there, you snake!? I'm calling you out! I'm calling you out!
Isn't that obvious? I'm going to get him to stop having anything to do with us!
I just can't do that! It's wrong, any way I think about it!
Why should we have to be put through that unpleasantness!?
--Stop! --Yes?
Who is it?
You need something from Dad?
Ah! That's my dinosaur!
? then add some chopped-up bacon. ?
Were you trying to cajole the children into appealing for my sympathy?
What are you talking about?
I've got a weakness for nice families.
and regard ourselves as having been bitten by a passing cobra, like Hayama said.
--Yeah, right. Come on, Dad, help us out! --What?
Oh, show me, show me!
Come on, Pop, give it to them!
Yeah, I just took those outside the train station.
"Drunk Middle-aged Man Goes Berserk!!" ...there was an incident where a drunken middle-aged man is said to have suddenly started
Police rushed in, and the suspect who was arrested at the scene...
...the suspect who was arrested at the scene was Oki Isao, age 41.
Not to worry!
Math, Social Studies...
I'm worried about them giving you a hard time at school.
We're leaving now.
Be back soon...
Oh...
I mean, sure, I was surprised. After we saw the news, we got a call from the police.
Uh...
In fact, I feel lucky that they got divorced as soon as they did.
and so Aono is a bad girl, too.
Mm-hmm.
You're Suspect Oki Isao's son?
Generally speaking, yes.
Yes.
What?
You can't do that!"
You just said all of that.
I was there to do it for him.
But that would be wrong to Mom.
Your mom is sure to realize that in time,
Mom was brooding all last night...
Why not?
Da- Dad...
Dad! Dad!
I'm sorry.
Tsuyoshi...
Yes, he will.
But what was the reason why we're doing this, again?
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Right now, he's earnestly on the way to becoming a fine manager.
So, you're turning your composition into a book?
Essay?
Sana-chan sure does have the accelerator to the floor today. Go, go!
Naozumi-kun?
--Don't kid around! Don't let me down! Don't feel around! Buy it! Buy it! Buy me a present! Buy it! --The bura-bura alien is here.
Akito-kun! You don't have to worry about it!
H- have I guessed right, Hayama?
Akito-kun, could you hold back today?
--D- do you do that like this? --No, it's like this.
How could I buy her flowers? I'm not Kamura, you know.
You're spilling your shake again!
Oh, okay.
Right! Christmas is really on the 25th, after all...
--Natsumi... --Call me Big Sister!
Nah, I'm not merry!
Ah, Asako?
It's not that. It's because this is a party that you invited me to, Sana-chan.
Well, sure. You wouldn't want to come to a party that animals invited you to, huh?
Plans? Every year?
A present?
Who is this goil, with a cute name like Sumire?
I mean, having the middle of Kurata and your birthdays fall on Christmas Eve,
Yay! Naozumi-kun is coming, coming, coming!
Hayama, you like dinosaurs, right?
Thanks.
Knowing Sana-chan, she's sure to be thrilled with whatever you get her.
That's strange. Taiko drums at Christmas?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What was that?
Yes. From Kamura-kun.
He was hungry, all right! Come along.
--Sana-chan is dense. You have to clearly tell her, or it won't get through to her. --A bedpan? A butt? A belly-button? A big salamander?
--Well, see you next year! --Thanks for everything!
I don't get it.
What is this!? What's going on!?
Bankrupt!?
to always go along with the scenario.
And our usual classroom...
mquick-changes into a merry-go-round...
Except that for some reason the continuation of this story
Well... you know...
But boys aren't very good when it comes to cleaning...
Nonetheless, you sure take good care of that crazy five-storied pagoda of yours.
I'm not wearing that! I want a wedding dress!
That does it, that does it, that does it!
What!?
On behalf of the boys, Gomi!
What will these two's destiny be?
I think we can leave the boys alone.
wearing my hair up please remain quiet.
The traditional hairstyle is the man's romantic ideal!
First period is Social Studies, right? How far have we gotten?
Another thing that's weird is the way he cries as he plays the harmonica.
Right!
Wrinkled- wrinkled hag?
Ah, she's snapped!
You're right! It's all-out resistance!
Ordinarily, it would be wrong.
"The drama's last scene"
"Not cut out to be a pro"
They say they're even going to write a song just for Shorokutai to perform!
That does sound interesting.
Still, about that Shorokutai name...
You good boys and girls, be on time!
Sorry I'm late, everyone. I'm Tobita Mayu.
Yes, that's right.
Kurata Sana, age 11!
Uh, well, I was going to get to that...
Uh, well, we'll see what we can do about that-
Will I have any work to do?
Sounds like they're saying awl sorts of stuff about me.
Ah, thank goodness!
What should we do for presents?
Well then, that's settled.
I heard him.
Everyone from "Child's Toy" is coming.
Have they decided who the co-star is?
Must be tough, huh?
I'm Tobita Mayu.
I'm the producer, Tsu. We're about to get started.
"Shorokutai Special: New song, 'Vitamin Love' rehearsal" In any event,
No! No! Stop!
That was a goof up, you know.
Nah...
Woof!
Please go on ahead with your love-love. Woof!
Um, if it's okay with you...
Now then, today is the last day, right? I'll go get my dog costume!
Woof, woof, woof! Woof, woof, woof!
"Kurata Sana that way!" R- right! Right! You're absolutely right!
Oh no, you really are upset at me?
I'm as lousy at knowing where to draw the line as I am at doing math.
I have a bad habit of always enjoying myself while working and everything else.
This little speech of mine was insensitive, huh? Sorry, sorry...
No.
--?What kind of tasty work do you have? ? --Mother loves it! Let me join in!
--?by seeing us girls as girls.? --?by seeing us girls as girls.? --?by seeing us girls as girls.?
--?It takes a lot of vitamins? --?It takes a lot of vitamins? --?It takes a lot of vitamins?
"Who's party is this, anyhow?" --?we're not children here.? --?we're not children here.? --?we're not children here.?
Yes, I was.
Then, what is this?
Once again, shall we... sing like this!?
"What to do?"
"Sugita"
Mm-hmm, but I have to keep an eye on the house today.
Isn't that nice, isn't that nice? I'm so jealous.
For one thing, Tsuyoshi only came to like Sugita
Huh? I'm popular?
Yeah, that did happen, huh?
Big Brother, your fly is open! I can see your underpants!
Strange?
and just as I thought he had gotten over that strange habit...
Here! Chocolate for you!
...is 99.
"What to do?"
Thank goodness. Then I'm sure it must be my imagination, huh?
Let's see... A space shuttle, maybe.
There aren't enough lifetimes in the woild that you could offuh me
But for the longest time, I've had a weakness for presents.
it's only natural that you'd be so popular. But I...
Gomi, Itami, and Yasuda!
Good morning.
Yes?
like they were before.
Tsuyoshi has been nabbed by a girl while still in grade school.
She's my Grandma Shizuka, who runs a resort named Kurata Inn
As promised, we're going to the Kusatsu hot springs!
An action-packed installment,
"The Path to Becoming a Wonderful Head Clerk"
"Phew"
having a date on Christmas Eve means that anywhere we go, it will be packed.
"X'mas" ...a Chirstmas Eve plus...
Middle birthday?
? while mine is on March 7th. ?
Oh well, let's use both to decorate the tree! We're double-celebrating!
Sensei...
Sensei!
and for an American feeling, Texas!
It can be really tough being the lead character, ma'am.
For example, something like this.
W- we all look like this now, so don't worry about it.
We can't stand that! We have to fly!
I wonder if Princess Sana will laugh at it.
I wasn't unaffected.
...no matter what!
I heard that Aya-chan had been afflicted, too.
Just because you defeat Haya-moth
Don't sell us short! Don't sell us short!
Hey!
You poor thing.
However, people appear to dislike me now, because of my scales.
I- I think it was a rather terrible thing to do...
Sana- I mean, Princess!
Freedom is great! And here I am, supposed to be afraid of heights.
Hey, you!
Here is the thing about boys and girls:
On, that's right.
Haya-moth...
"Haya-moth keel-over spray"
"I forgot!"
Are you mocking me!?
Why don't you go tell everyone in the kingdom?
You can even do stuff like this.
 Stick a second one on top of it, 
 Then we stick six beans on. 
 Dance! Dance! Hey! Hey! Hey! 
Not so, ma'am. This episode takes place in a primitive age.
Did he really say all that just now?
"Sana, in a fight, winning is all that matters. Winning."
"Bottom of feet"
--I'm through with this. --Elsewhere, at that same time...
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
"The day before the party"
I'm not.
Yeah, from when you two went missing.
? I can't write! I can't write! I can't write a thing! ?
Oh, I'll go. I'll go as the empty-empty handed-handed alien.
You have a hard time dealing with environments like this, huh?
Oh my, he's kissing her...
Still, seeing that big ad,
Try thinking of something that made you happy when you got it.
Akito?
Christmas... Christmas... the 25th is Christmas...
It's not like the others you've been tricking me with up to now,
Be looking forward to it!
Okay, let's toast!
Not really.
Why not!? Why not!? Why not!?
Here. Your present.
Let's limbo! Holy night special!
Before you do, there's a telephone call for you.
? To those who are happy, and those who are sad, ?
? tonight we sing to you "Merry Christmas." ?
See here!
Do you think it's alright to just come into someone else's home without asking?
Here. It's beef jerky.
I wonder if the reason why she cares about me
How can you pop in during a scene like this?
you have to clearly tell her "I love you," or it won't get through to her.
Together with Asako on Christmas Eve...
"The school has been smashed"
For example, something like this.
Kurata Sana is sorry that today, once again, she is so cheerfully late for school!
Oh, that hurt, that hurt!
I'm so embarrassed by this, I can't go walking outside!
When it gets dark out, you may want to fly near light bulbs and fluorescent lights,
but resist that urge as much as you can! Getting too close is dangerous, okay?
Queen Misako is not around!
--Then again, whoo! Yeah! This is perfectly thrilling! --Yeah.
"Man moth" proportions...
Mama...
...no matter what!
Just because you defeat Haya-moth
Oh, a giraffe-moth...
Hey, wait! Hey, wait!
Tsuyoshi, why you...
--I'm scared! --You've got some nerve!
What? What?
We only have 15 minutes today.
and not make any more copies of yourself, I'll let you out of there.
They're sticking to me! The scales are sticking to me!
I can't help it, you know! I've only been a moth for 25 seconds!
"Haya-moth keel-over spray"
...we would have been able to fly around forever.
Why don't you go tell everyone in the kingdom?
? Let's draw one more arrow. ?
? The letter "ku," the letter "ku," the letter "ku," hey! ?
? Dance! Dance! Hey! Hey! Hey! ?
What kind of subtitle is that?
"School! I'm gonna be late!"
No matter how hard it is for you, you have to go on living!"
Bankrupt!?
"Seized"
"Forgot something?"
"Suddenly, One Day, I'm a Homeless Girl"
That's just a supermarket receipt, so it doesn't have any bearing.
But that means that all of your property will be seized, right?
? There was once a certain company, ?
? Then the company went under, hey! ?
? In other words, I, too am bankrupt, bankrupt. ?
It's not about whether I trusted them or not.
Even so,
This, despite having such a round face.
gazing at the house... we've been living in for so long?
Uh, it's not to your liking, then? I'd suppose not. It's dirty and cramped.
Not at all.
Which one? Mama, which one?
It's raining tonight.
You're not using this adversity as material to write again, are you?
"I had never heard the temple bells sound so sad."
I heard.
An eraser, shaped like a turd?
Hmm, nothing right now.
? and then add two handles. ?
? with tails growing out of their behinds. ?
I came because I was wondering if you were having any problems.
"Please accept this money- Yumezono Matata, President, Dreaming Pro"
I will leave, for now.
But we've already brought home all of these handouts.
We can't very well return it, and we can't very well throw it out.
Hayama!
If she's going to get something that was seized,
"Ooh-ooh" Didn't I look like a monkey?
Maybe I should go take pictures of the things in my room.
Hello! I'm the strange young man who dances everywhere he goes.
I know that.
That's right.
That's right, just by being alive, I'm razoring it in! I mean, raking it in!
"Sorry!! Leave."
"Taken in"
We're raking it in just by being alive.
Ah! You stole my omelet roll!
My school swimsuit might be pretty fashionable to wear.
Really, stop playing dumb!
"Who is this guy?"
Actually, this is who I am.
However, the situation is a little bit different now, is it not?
Now then, to get home before the trains get crowded.
--Our relationship is better than that, right? --What kind of relationship do they have, exactly?
Ah! Well, bye now!
--I said, seconds! --I said, seconds!
That's right. No gain, no pain.
toward taking on work to begin with, right?
Yes, that's right.
You're not a kid... are you?
"Child's Toy"? Ah, now that you mention it,
such as ours.
You shouldn't be asking me, it's not my decision to make.
"Sorry!! Leave."
I'm sorry, but go work for yourself somewhere else.
at this point?
I was hoping for this, you pea-brain!
There's no point in us staying together anymore!
He came back!
Awl of this was set up by Drea-Pro's president and Akudo!
You're such a worrywart. There's no way my plan can fall through, is there?
Interesting! In that case, for our part...
We've got lots of costumes!
See you later, fellas!
N- no, I'm not! You're mistaking me for someone else!
That's right!
The Delirious Nick-of-Time Deadline
"Late-Night Chaos Theater"
"Now shooting"
Well, little by little, this one producer came forward and reconsidered.
And so, for today's Language Arts, we'll be writing compositions.
Let's see, when was that deadline? The essay deadline...
So, how much do you have done already?
It's hard enough to write a two-page composition for Language Arts.
Editor-in-Chief!
There are 77 terrifying traps that await a writer before a deadline,
in the baffling and frightening Mystery Zone!
--And now that I look at it, so is my sitting cushion! --the "bothered by strange things" trap.
Good! Good!
If I can just arrange that one, I can whip right through writing this!
Sorry, but I have to start work early tomorrow, too.
That's it! The reason I couldn't concentrate up to now
? I'm writing, I'm writing, minus plus! ?
Number 77: the "that was just a dream!" trap.
Yeah, yeah!
It would be impossible for a normal human to go to school
I'm not going to be beaten by that mean old fink's dirty tricks!
Ho ho ho, you are a sneaky, nasty man beyond any help!
"Now shooting" Okay, this is a take!
Mm-hmm, I'll go drop it off at your office the first thing in the morning.
this general meeting of the Eastern Japan Free Managers Society in Aomori,
Sensei, I have to be going.
Hold on! Hold on, I said! I'm never fooling around with you again!
Oh, now I've done it.
My Boyfriend is Like a Father To Me
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy.
--just as I was breathing easy... --A present?
The Kurata household... has gone bankrupt.
Oh, dear, in here, too.
That's just a supermarket receipt, so it doesn't have any bearing.
What exactly is going on?
It's fate. This is all fate.
Fate? Is that the reason why you didn't care if all of your property was taken from you?
You'll have to excuse my expressionless face,
Sana-chan!
 Having life proves that we're alive. 
That's just depressing.
Hey, everyone, did you hear about what happened to Sana-chan's house?
Boy, these hassaku oranges are delicious, huh?
You knew?
Hmm, nothing right now.
Futons, or blankets, senbei crackers, chocolate, margarine, nail clippers,
Let me take care of it. These are costumes, but you can take them awl if you want.
Toin it ovuh! Toin it ovuh!
What?
 and then add two handles. 
 Let's draw one more arrow. 
 Dance! Dance! Hey! Hey! Hey! 
 raindrop with a heart in it, draw the wings, 
I came because I was wondering if you were having any problems.
Well, I don't know what to say.
She's wearing it.
You're going to eat that?
You were hiding?
Be that as it may, what are you doing here?
Oh, Mister, you spin real good, huh?
This week's Mama.
That's raking it in, Sana-chan!
Hello? Hello?
Sana-chan sure is strong, huh?
so resolve when to give up
Bye Bye Bye
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi,"
That's right, just by being alive, I'm razoring it in! I mean, raking it in!
"Singing Guidance"
Don't work so hard on stuff like that!
Hi! Good morning! Thank you for coming here for such an absurd scoop!
But any way you look at these photos, it's a father with his daughter!
All right, let's go, Margarine!
No, as long as there's love, the difference in our ages is nothing.
It's not as though I'm going to be in elementary school my whole life.
I didn't go to Natsumi's either.
Why not!? Why not!?
? You're so dumb, you cannot advance. ?
Still, I'm impressed that he's made up your mind to.
All right, it's done!
Grade-schoolers shouldn't be out playing at this hour.
Dumbass!
Since my mom can't come, this is Mama Mk II!
"Oh, is Father Hayama not coming?"
I'm her guardian.
My word, this is a scandal unbecoming an elementary school student!
Well, about that incident...
Zenjiro...
Easy win!
Our strategy worked, huh?
and concentrate our efforts on overcoming his weaker subjects,
so he can advance to Jinbo Middle School-
I never! How dare you say such a thing!
You are aware of the regulations of this school, aren't you?
Why don't you talk it over with him again, and-
What for?
and Osaka's famous Kagetsu senbei crackuhs!
They are out there, after all-
The chills won't go away. We're done for the day.
When we press our bodies together like this...
You spread it around to everyone!
Wait!
Did something happen?
That was a dirty thing to do.
Mama is working! I'm writing a manuscript!
--? Our naked-naked eyes-eyes, ? --? Our naked-naked eyes-eyes, ?
It's not disgusting.
Akito, are you being weird?
"Kitchen garbage, construction worker, Amitabha, seaweed."
--No, no, no! Not only does he --Aren't you going to eat your sushi?
Uh-huh! You stood out even more than the main characters!
That's right! If you love him, you should be able to say you love him, huh?
Wait up!
Thank you so much.
I understand that Kaimei Middle School's assistant principal...
Seriously?
"Babbit's drawing song"
He says he didn't.
But then, what is a bald face? What is a brazen? I'm not sure, but ooh!
Now, listen here, Father!
--Aah, this is alarming, --Whatever you might say,
--alarming, alarming, alarming! --I didn't do what I didn't do.
It'll all turn out-
I told you something at our Guidance session, didn't I?
"Pass" Thank you.
If you had done something like that...
Yeah, I heard a rumor.
If saying that I didn't do it doesn't do any good...
Hey, don't tell me it's no use!
You've got no reason to hide anything from-
Hello, is that you, Shinichi? Why are you calling me here?
I'm... I'm... I'm the one who... I'm the one who...
I'd like to make a crack here, but I can't.
You stood up for Shinichi right up to the end,
Shinichi has always been physically weak, and prone to getting sick,
I believed him.
I believed what my son thought and did. I am his father, after all.
This is handy!
Yo, give me some money.
Don't mess with us!
Alarming! Alarming! Alarming! See here! See here!
You call that a cold!?
Click...
Hmm? Chocolate?
Drive-by?
I can't go eating too much chocolate and get any cavities, aftuh awl.
We don't need actors that blow off work!
Oh, where's your father today?
Work.
Oh, yeah?
We're pushing it as it is, so we can't.
I thought you were an Ecchu-Toyama traveling medicine salesman
We're not stopping.
Okay, next one!
Oh, in that case, you should have said something sooner!
No... I... uh... Whose watch is this?
Long ago...
...there was someone I adored.
We were both weak people,
The one who was so very dear to me.
All right!
--Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! --Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! --Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
She's right!
"Valentines can be bittersweet"
I've got a bad feeling.
"Gnileef dab a tog evi."
I'm in a mess. Oh, I'm really in a mess.
"Looks like the location shoot has finished for the day."
The book is selling well,
and the book signings have also been a great success.
I didn't write anything like that.
Is that right? Write about it next time?
Yes. I am the one you just got through introducing-
? It was myself, too-la-loo-la-loo. ?
and the wind is blowing through at 1 meter per second.
Surprised you?
Yeah... sure...
See you at next week's taping.
bust out an apology, say something like
I don't know...
Oh, we're moving.
I've got a taping of "Child's Toy" in the afternoon, too,
Come in, come in!
--Sagami! --Yes?
"Yatsugatake is currently covered in snow!!" Yatsugatake is a mountain range
Too late, you already are! Maybe I'll stay here forever.
It's Gojo Takeshi! At least remember his name!
Mm-mm. Today's the day when they tape "Child's Toy,"
...socks, panties- it takes quite a bit of courage to buy these, you know.
I think I should go home.
At first, I was running away, too.
Grown-ups like me often can't do that, you know.
It's possible that this is a special privilege that only children get.
Here, right in here.
A ticket back to Shinjuku?
This is Gojo.
A quiet manner of speaking, a little absentminded,
with really kind, drooping eyes,
--I'm sorry. --I'm sorry.
"A little while later"
Aah! What's going on this morning!?
What do I do!? Once again, I'm without a home!
"Homeless after all."
"The party has started..."
"The snake reporter appears!"
You really are amazing.
--Earthquake! Earthquake! What do we do!? --Don't panic! Keep calm!
--What do we do!? --Commence taking shelter under your desks!
What are you doing!?
Have you forgotten that today is the day we're been ordered out!?
We are without a place to stay again.
That's my Mama! The life of our dreams from royalties, and a masterful advance!
Come on, come on!
What if you took off your bag?
What's with the bag?
Is Mama at the hotel now?
--No fair, going off and having fun by herself. --She told me she was gathering material.
I'm kind of homeless right now, and all.
Yes, he has. Lately, things have been a lot different than they were before.
Cutlet-and-curry!
Without very many lines to say, lately, his mouth has fallen out of practice,
What am I doing!?
Judging from that lame costume of his, I've never seen this guy.
A hunch, huh?
It doesn't matter, as long as it's interesting!
--You think it would be in our interest --It's true, she does have a good eye.
I love you, Margarine!
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
Put an an Egyptian front and become a Sphinx,
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I lose!
You do have some good points too, huh Hayama?
Akito-kun, good morning!
See you later, Sana-chan.
--Ghastly ugly? --How bad could she be?
Ghastly?
Where do they get off calling other people ugly with the faces they've got?
He's terrible.
everything is completely okay, and naturally daff-ay.
You're not listening to me at all, are you?
Hey, you guys!
What do you want?
And then I think about what tomorrow holds in store.
K- ki- ki-- eh...?
How come you're always saying such miserable things!?
Haven't you ever thought that you wanted to die?
I'd guess not. You and I are just too different.
You think that your way of thinking is the only right way, don't you?
--Mama, you're all flustered. --This is too strange!
then grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind,
Sana-chan...?
Are you all right?
Are you having a hard time at work?
Let's go home.
"Feeling out of sorts, Sana is troubled"
What kind of role is it?
and my sister, the lead character, has had a lot of trouble.
But I'm a good kid, and all.
I get more and more nervous about being in it.
So then, let's get going with our hour here!
--Sorry to intrude! --J- just a minute, now!
Look, look, this is freshly autographed!
Cut it out, already!
I can't even study for my entrance exams.
My mother... died as a result of giving birth to me.
Okay, see you later.
Okay...
 I am Rei-kun, waiting in the car. 
 I can't take my glas-sun off outside. 
and I wasn't very enthusiastic about doing it.
All right!
And our usual classroom...
...up to now, just for today,
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
he's there,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
The mysterious white bat straight man, Babbit.
Wow! Bentos! Bentos!
--They've all been called off. --I didn't think I'd ever get to eat this
I was saving it to eat last!
I did it, all right!
Well, you see, actually, that was cancelled, too.
What? What? I didn't hear that.
Mama, did you just say something?
Really, stop playing dumb!
Why!? Why did that happen!?
Huh? All of your work has been cancelled?
Do you have any idea why?
Aw, he's gone. What was he so agitated about?
But Sana-chan's policy is not to be affiliated with any production studio.
If that keeps up, then the talents that Sana-chan has worked so hard to build up
He wouldn't have... Then again, it just might be possible...
Sagami-san, please, don't tell anyone I told you!
You too, Mama- eating up the food your cute growing daughter needs...
All right, times like this call for... this!
 I forgot the opening you put your head through. 
--No, huh? --No, huh?
toward taking on work to begin with, right?
Are you sure you're okay with that?
First there comes a mountain, and then,
Get two cups ready,
Anyhow, Sana-chan, about what we discussed earlier...
What do you mean, what we discussed earlier?
Well, sorry!
No, not one bit. I'm satisfied with Rei-kun.
"Sorry!! Leave."
Sana-chan, I'm sorry. I just don't have enough of what it takes.
Mm-hmm, what?
What do you mean, "like this"?
Huh? What are you saying? I don't understand.
I'm sorry, but go work for yourself somewhere else.
There's no point in us staying together anymore!
Well, take care.
Huh? Where's Sagami-chan?
I got the producuh drunk and hoid it from him myself. There's no doubt about it.
They won't get away with it! If that's how they want it, I'm going to go pound them!
This should be good.
How dare you split me and Rei-kun up! I know what your evil scheme is now!
Whoa! That's dangerous, mister!
Interesting! In that case, for our part...
Yeah, okay, Sana-chan.
Okay, thanks. Carry on.
Aw, never mind that, let me introduce the man
so resolve when to give up
It's always the same old nonsense,
It's all crazy over there,
Bye Bye Bye
Cu: your heart will be carefree,
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apzfl
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanaym
Still, Rei-kun worked so hard to find me this job,
"Ribbon Books"
It always ends up like this. Always.
I mean, my insides were feeling all tight and stiff, you know?
Keiko?
Who are you?
W- what did he say!?
Aww, the house is so new, and look what you've done already.
This house is put together more cheaply than I expected.
Mama, I'm home! Huh?
There's some dense growth in here, but no Mama.
I was thinking of offering him
See? Over there!
He suddenly disappeared, without even saying goodbye.
--Should I tell her the truth, after all? --I'm home!
S- Sagami...
...getting along well, huh?
Oh my, his fatherly characteristics are a perfect match to Sana.
He is her true father, after all, so in a sense, it would only be natural.
--? what would that make me for telling them? ? --The folks in this house can't
Aah! A man older than me just called me "Mother"!
Uchiyamada here!
Woof!
No, I didn't say "dog"!
Incidentally, there are rumors that you crashed the home of a flight attendant...
What is that thing, a lie detectuh!?
Doctor, if you didn't know that yet, you're behind the times.
He's going to die!
If you don't mind, could I get your phone number?
Bye now, Doctor! Call me when you have time!
and the criminal chases after us!
It's raining.
Aah! Dad!
The nerve of him!
You shameless old perv!
Yes?
Ready... start!
We're re-writing the script now.
and he'll probably feel lonely if no one is here when he wakes up.
Tomorrow is another day.
The happy times have finally come, after all.
Prolapsed stomach?
Boo on you too, Pops!
I can't wait to see the script for the last episode.
"Thinking up something else nasty?" You're thinking up something nasty to do, huh?
S- Sensei, are you doing a thousand paper cranes, too?
Ah, that really is great. You startled me last night.
Oh, right, what happened to "Chaos Theater" on location last night?
This is no dream.
Ka-ching!
"My dad died"!?
But...
Yahoo!
And the role of the girlfriend is being played by Kobayashi Noripi!
It's not like that.
Mm-hmm, all right.
There is one thing I have to tell you.
--? for the rest of our lives! ? --? for the rest of our lives! ?
"A 'poemer' is someone who writes poems... I think" A "poemer" is someone who writes poems.
I see.
What?
Okay, once this is finished, we'll have a wrap party at the conveyor-belt sushi bar!
Ready...
Yeah, it seems dumb. But look, they gave me a vitamin shot this huge,
--Run, Yumi! --Dad!
--Are you okay? --Mm-hmm.
Start!
We're going to do the last scene now.
D- Dad?
D- Dad?
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? What's going on? Where's the usual "I'm Kurata Sana" part?
"Graduation project" to commemorate your graduation.
--I mean, am I right? Sure I am. --Mm-hmm. It must have been a shock for her, all right.
I just want to give Sana some time alone.
S- sorry about that.
You lied to me...
Ghost?
Come to think of it,
What are you doing, Hayama?
We've got a planning meeting for a new drama today. You have to cheer up.
--? Gotta be in wide-open top form, whirring around on Komawari power. ? --Babbit can dance too, right?
Don't let it get you down, cuz teapots are hot,
Snow...
He said we'd always be together.
We'll always be together!
Come to think of it, I gave a ride to a young girl this evening
--Fight! Attack! --Fight! Attack! --Fight! Attack!
T- then...
This isn't on me, okay?
Kurata!
There's no telling when this thing is going to fall as it is!
You're the one who taught me before, remember?
I don't know if we're friends or not, but as long as we're alive...
Is that your name?
You two really seemed close, like father and daughter.
I'm sorry, Mama. I'm okay now.
Welcome home, Sana.
Okay, okay, let's finish the monument now, okay?
--Hey, get sentimental, would you!? --Tearful, tearful, each of us, each of us!
"Complete reversal"
Mm-hmm, I'm sure that was it.
Oh! You there, goils A and B, you have some idea? Speak, speak.
You've got a 20-year-old boyfriend,
Y- you dirty letch!
And I'm interested in these make-out pitchuhs, too!
No time for that! Study! Study!
A photograph.
Cut this nonsensical crap out.
That's all you've been saying lately.
You said you didn't have any more pictures!
Let go of me, would you!?
If you have to test us, at least make it a little later!
Sure enough, it's this one.
? First there comes a mountain, and then, ?
I refuse to acknowledge those two's relationship over just this!
--I won't acknowledge it! --It's genuine!
I'm actually a little glad...
From what I've hoid so far,
named Kamura Academy.
Mother loves it! Let me join in!
I guess not.
Mm-hmm. Oh, is he planning to play his trumpet next?
"Not cut out to be a pro" We are amateurs, you see...
--? To those who are happy, ? --? To those who are happy, ? --? To those who are happy, ?
Really? Good, good.
I...
Sorry to keep you waiting. As of next time...
fscx88fscy90by ridding you...
fscx88fscy90The existence is a mistake
I'm already late! Mama, please, take me!
Then she made me sit down and eat breakfast!
Ah! Rei-kun, you're so nice!
You're being passed by kindergarteners!
You really, really are my boyfriend, huh?
It's time to do arithmetic! It has already started!
We're already 30 minutes late!
--Ah, Sana-chan! --Sana-chan!
that I had to leave early for last time because of work.
What does this mean exactly?
--It hurts! It hurts! Away you go!
Don't sniffle-sniffle, I tell you.
What? What?
and it's all because of one guy!
Ah, it's xxxx-chan, from xxxxx!
What's the matt-uh, Sana-chan? You're in a real fussy mood.
You know what? The world of a child isn't the sweet life
No, it's a "hazardousurvival world,"
Are you listening to me, Zenjiro-sensei? Are you listening to me, everyone?
Him, I tell you!
when you've been all backed up, and all packed up, and then...
to the millions of people who were watching television,
If the worst should happen, I'll still be around, though.
 The classroom is Hayama's House of Evil! 
Uh-huh, sure I am.
"Burutcha," The walkie-talkie that shakes.
Burutcha?
Oh? So, this is my hotline to you, Rei-kun?
Right. Shall we try it?
Run!
--Let her have it! --Pound her face in!
I heard her face got pounded in.
The sunsets in Hawaii are romantic!
What was he thinking?
Hayama-san, what do you have in the bag?
Toys.
Stop this! Stop already, you guys!
so BOY, take a look my way!
he's there,
will finally, finally step forward!
What kind of story is this, I wonder?
He's like the devil!
Uh oh, now I've started it.
Hold it!
What are you, dogs? Come on, say "woof" for me!
And before long, someone is going to make you into oozecakes,
What else can I do? I'm not about to lose to that guy.
Y- you can't...
Wash your hands!
Sana-chan, be careful, okay?
Incredible!
That's the incredible part about Gekidan Komawari.
Remember earlier?
It kind of did, yeah.
She's in the back yard!
Whoa, that's dirty! She's swallowing the algae from the pond!
About me being the child of the devil?
How could you do that!?
I can't put up with you any more!
You're not all that stupid, so why is it that you do nothing but stupid things?
Answer me seriously!
I'm really not taking this anymore!
Congratulations! Good luck!
He's incredibly strong...
Ee-yow!
Huh? Didn't I show the prize? Hey, how about it?
 What should I do to beat him, Sri Lanka? 
Sensei, that's playing dirty.
So, you're here, Hayama...
Just a toy one, though.
I still have a lot more!
Stop that!
That's it! The rock climbing techniques you learned in Gekidan Komawari!
Was there really such a program!?
L- lightning!?
Sana-chan sure is late.
Open up! Open up, or I'll curse you, and haunt you!
Hm? There's something hard stuffed up here.
He'll pay for this. He is going to pay for this. How could he do this...?
to always go along with the scenario.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
Kurata Sana. The pleasure is mine.
When is it on?
Oh, class has started.
Um, Kurata-san, is something the matter?
Composition...
If I do all I can and it's not enough, I can appeal to Onda-san!
"Guts! The Entertainment World of Tenamonya and Sucharaka."
but if you will kill Kurata Sana's book, then I will turn it over to you.
There are 77 terrifying traps that await a writer before a deadline,
S- Sensei, what are these 77 mysteries?
There!
I will never forget them."
Sana-chan...
Oh, no! Oh, no! I have to write! I have to write! I have to write!
S- Sana-chan, I thought this might happen, so I made you some egg porridge.
 Like a two-humped camel, trudging along easily, 
Huh!? The president of Drea-Pro!?
He's not satisfied with just the entertainment industry,
If you're that insistent about Kurata Sana's book,
Hang in there, Sana-chan!
All righty! Let's do this!
That's pretty wishful thinking.
 I am worn out from work... 
Ho ho ho, you are a sneaky, nasty man beyond any help!
The way you do that...
I've gotta write, I've gotta write...
I do get tired, but still, it's a lot of fun to write.
we would be stooping to the same level as Drea-Pro's president.
Mother, what are you doing?
Mother...
if I don't finish my book...
I'm barely going to make it!
I'm finally finished!
Ah, I'm so sleepy...
What do you mean by suddenly telling me to go-
Bye Bye Bye Bye
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
so just keep going unlike this,
and your body will be healthy,
where the curtain finally rises on new developments:
My Boyfriend is Like a Father To Me
"Kodomo no Odocha"
Hayama is the ringleader of the boys in our class, and they do whatever they want.
This isn't a school!
Cut it out already, would you?
--Keep it a secret. --He's got a weakness for high places.
With this, I've got Hayama beaten!
Prattle on.
I wonder if Sana-chan is all right.
Everybody, this is class time. Take your seats, and lets have class.
What's this?
After all, I love being in high places!
"Are you going to cry, Hayama!?"
He's nervous! He's nervous!
Hayama-san!
Yoo-hoo! I'm not scared at all!
Would you stop with your disgusting consolations!?
Why don't you stand up to those guys!?
You're kidding!
Why don't you tell me everything, Sensei?
Picture?
There's no need to shout it so loudly.
Anyhow, because of that, Hayama is taking advantage of us.
What!?
You dirty coward!!
M- making out? How do you mean? Sounds interesting.
It's okay, there is another way.
Sana-chan, you somehow or other take an embarrassing picture of Hayama-kun.
And then, you threaten him that if he doesn't do as you say,
Rei-kun, you're so smart!
Tsuyoshi-kun? You mean the boy with the glasses?
Get out of this house right now!
How come? How come he didn't ask him anything? How come?
Say, what are we going to do? He's leaving.
No dawdling around! You'll never become a great detective like that!
Oh, here it comes! Whoo, what's this!? Stupidity uncovered!
Whoa! If you get angry at Tsuyoshi-kun,
he's there,
The game is over! Sana-chan wins! Hayama finally apologizes!
Or so we thought, but what's this, what's this?
Yuck! That's some yucky, yucky business!
He's like the devil!
I finally declared war on him!
T- these are the pictures of the teachers... m- make-- making out...?
I've got a super-embarrassing naked picture of you right here, after all.
Shut up! You called me here this early in the morning!
What are we doing today?
--Hayama-san...!
Just hurry! If you don't do what I tell you,
then apologize to everyone here!
But isn't she overdoing it a little?
That does it, right?
Hayama-san...
This many postcards have arrived for her!
Zenjiro-sensei, you have a fairly big problem keeping things private.
It's so refreshing, like the scales have fallen from my nose.
Well, all's well that ends well.
That's good to hear.
The boss monkey has been switched out.
Why don't you give it up. Aren't you getting tired of it?
No! Hayama, you absolutely cannot use violence!
I'm not proud to say this, but I'm not very good at defense.
Did you see that? Hayama is just a wuss, who can't go against what girls say!
Hayama-san!
As the days go by, he's been more or less isolating himself, huh?
I could play the lead role in a crime drama!
It finally stopped...
That voice... Hayama's sister?
What you mean is "suspicious" character.
Just you being here makes me sick!
Please, Sana-chan, okay?
You've grown up just the way I idealized.
You are someone who says out loud "give me your manuscript," when actually,
Are you still caught up in that thing?
Run away!
What, do your serious scenes only go on for a few seconds!?
This isn't good. I'm getting out of here.
N- no, I didn't. This is the first time we've been in the same class.
Ah, please do.
And what?
Right, right! Don't get discouraged!
Thanks, everyone.
I don't have a father, though.
"Naughty Hayama, Where Are You Going?"
That would be too bright.
"Kodomo no Odocha"
as well as my boyfriend and pimp!
Mother...?
Stop badmouthing my mother!!
Huh?
Akito-kun, good morning!
Yeah.
"However, as for Sana-chan"
It's because you don't get up early enough.
Peaceful, peaceful... but still...
There's something weird here...
"Let's all go see!"
Hey! Have you seen the new teacher 1st Class has?
Yeah! Let's go see!
I think I'll go, too.
He really is a good person...
Huh? Is there something you need?
You're scared, aren't you? "Stripped!"
Being good is the best! Let me handle this.
What are you talking about? Of course he can play. It's Hayama, after all...
W- w- w- why do you have to be like that!?
Geez, and here I am, going to all this trouble... sheesh!
I'd guess not. You and I are just too different.
Right, right, that's right!
--I'm not going to worry about you any more! --Actually, Sensei messed up.
Today, we'll start on page 46.
Are you having a hard time at work?
What's this about?
Uh, nothing, never mind.
Ah, so this is a story about sist-uhs?
But I'm a good kid, and all.
and the lead character, Sick, is my sister...
saying "You're too sassy," or crack the whip on me behind the set,
Gracious, how embarrassing for you to see us like this.
S- so that's why...?
I've been waiting for an answer.
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...for two.
how come neither Hayama nor Hayama's father are around!?
Hayama, where are you hiding yourself!? My drama is about to start!
Unexpectedly tearing up? Trickle, trickle...
I'll do my best in this drama!
and because she overexerted herself having Akito-kun, she died.
--Being called "devil," "devil" at home over and over for all this time, --Sana-chan... S- Sana-chan...
--it's no wonder why Hayama would be so perverse, is it!? --Hold on... Sana-chan...
"Don't "huh?" us."
Good little kids, have a shot of Spopotamin!
With your hand on your waist, and your pinky extended, drink it all at once!
For strong little kids and good little kids, it's Supopotamin!
-- I'm gonna do something about Hayama's home. --for more than a second, can you?
--I'm playing the policeman. I even have a line. --super-happy!
--"Welcome." Yow-ow-ow, what are you doing? --Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Shua! When I found out I was going to play the policeman, and appear togeth-uh
--with you, Sana-chan... --Ah, I'm about to meet her!
--I watch you all the time on "Zenjiro--san's Child's Toy." --Really? Yahoo!
--Let's make this drama a good one. --Zenjiro-san, you only have the one line, so if you please,
Are you going to an amusement park with your friends?
...was because she overexerted herself giving birth to you?
And all I ever wanted was to just he happy, too!
Sana-chan, good! That was very nice crying, and everything!
Care to use some of my tissue?
Well then, let's hurry! There's a magazine reporter waiting for us.
I'd like to hear about the relish you're undertaking this with.
You don't know a thing, do you? You dimwitted, stupid father...
The interview went okay, and I made my declaration of war!
Did you get caught behind here? Of course you didn't...
"Shooting on the drama continues."
The drama's happy end will be contagious,
 Oh! It's a rose-colored world! 
"It's here! The day of the broadcast."
You haven't heard?
And after I told him that much that you should watch it together!
Father? What's going on? You're early, huh?
I'll play your mother.
I'm your mother... your mother... your mother... your mother... your mother...
Later.
why did you have me?
I've... I've... been awful to Akito, quite truthfully.
Whoa, did you catch a cold!? No wonder you've been playing along so easily!
Hayama...?
All right?!
The truth is, I know...
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
You demon child! If only you had never been born...!
why did you have me?
Geez, I have to sleep alone tonight!?
She called us "Chicken-and-egg dum-dums."
Oh no, I'm going to be late for school!
Here, your usual.
Mama loves you, Mika. I've loved you since before you were born. That's why...
Eh, um, here! Here! The tips of these bristles are so firm!
So, will you do it?
I want to do this with you, Sana-chan, no matter what!
Sure!
She sure is nice! There's an air about her.
--Hayama-san... --He's being overpowered!
Still, little by little...
Do you like her?
She says he's her pimp.
Sensei, you're the guest today on "Laugh Away," right?
By any chance, do you not want to go to this interview!? That's it, isn't it!?
That's fine, fine! Don't even worry about it!
How can you talk to your daughter that way!?
B- but Rei-kun, your illness...
Come back soon.
She usually does her head up that way.
Yeah, that, that.
Job well done!
He made up a fake illness and everything...
Rei!
 Look right, look forward, look left, 
You can't play dumb with me!
What's going on!? Take off those sunglasses!
That's what you say about times like these.
...panic!!
he's there.
And our usual classroom...
Yay!
that girl is more important to me than anything.
I don't care if you are Asako-san, this is wrong!
Rei! Call me!
"Still..."
Still, still, you know...? Still, you know...?
There's something we need to talk about.
I'm home.
Huh? Where's Sagami-kun?
I ducked him and came home myself.
If so, I can't see you as being anything
Rei-kun, things have gone so smoothly between us up to now... Rei-kun...
She said "Sana-chan, you'll be a star in the future." Mama, are you listening?
So regardless of whatever might be commonplace, I am Sana-chan's boyfriend.
In the end, you're just making a fool of her.
You think that because she's a child, things will cool off in time.
Uh-huh, I like her.
Excuse me!
It's the word for "annoying"!
Ah, and it took some time for them to change the tire.
Still, it is true that I came by train.
Come on, come on, you guys, you're laughing too hard.
Depressing...
 "Dire straits" is pain on fours and eights. 
 Gonna laugh! Gonna laugh! Gonna laugh at Hayama! 
Hayama! It's so rare to see you come to an event like this.
It's nothing.
What's with you? You're so gloomy, Tsuyoshi-kun!
No you don't, Tsuyoshi-kun! When you're depressed, you've got to smile!
No way, Sana-chan!
Sana-chan, you're strange. Same as always, though.
Oh, what should I do?
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
...for two.
...for two.
"Pinch, Pinch, Sana's Love"
Please look forward to it. This has been Babbit, the white bat.
Mama. An Aoki Laureate novelist. The chipmunk on her head is Maro-chan.
Sagami Rei-kun. He's my manager, as well as my boyfriend and pimp.
Geez, what a perfunctory introduction!
Keep it together, Tsuyoshi! This isn't the classroom!
Sana-chan, it's too dangerous here!
What's that? What is it? What is it? Let's go see!
--Huh? What? What happened to your Social Studies field trip? --Sensei... your manuscript...
She stepped on Onda.
What has happened to my daughter?
What is this!?
I just felt a little sorry for Hayama, since he suffers from a fear of heights.
What I feel like eating now? Sea cucumber parfait...
Oh, you don't say! That is who I am, after all!
Hmm, I don't quite understand all of this.
For the moment, I'd better withdraw and start over.
I saw you!
Heh, so, you've arrived. I call this... I call this...
If you got up at 4 o'clock to make that, you could be called an idiot.
Are you okay?
I took the cutest girl in class out into the backyard, see?
Class has begun. Unless you let me start, I'll knock you flat!
You've gotten strong, haven't you, Mitsuya-sensei?
You're Tsuyoshi-kun, right?
Bring Hayama here.
Thanks for the cake. Now then, I'll be going home.
He's got pluck, huh? Fascinating.
Yow-ow-ow! The rubber band is caught in my hair! Yow-ow-ow!
So I'm going to consider what happened yesterday
"Zenjiro's "Child's Toy""
--in those cheeks. Oh, Sana-chan, --why I can't face him.
You don't need this any longer, right?
You're not angry?
Mm-hmm, I love you.
How could he kiss me, just because I let my face get too close?
Oh? So you don't know what that means.
Good evening.
Oh, thank you so much.
Oh, hey, aren't you the early one, Hayama-kun?
You have a visitor. We're coming in.
then talk it out and settle it right now!
No, it wasn't. I blamed you instead of myself.
That's what I told you.
And how was I supposed to believe you,
It would be one thing if you had done some things in the past, like Sana-chan,
I can't think about you at all right now.
Asako-san...!
so BOY, take a look my way!
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
"Tweet-tweet, Love Flies Away"
That rumor that I love you
--did you let Asako-san--
They ran away on me while I was talking...
Thank you. I'm sure she will come to realize that any time now, too.
What? Tsuyoshi-kun, you know her?
Whoa, really?
That was mean! Don't pull on my handbag.
Aono-chan, what do you have in your handbag?
Hayama?
Sana-chan, is that...?
Don't do it.
You know! You know! You know! You know!
whether you want to or not, when you grow up. So...
Which brings us to your egg, Aono-chan!
It happened all right, Aono-chan! That was your egg!
So then, why? Rei-kun, you're my boyfriend!
W- what are you saying? Rei-kun is my boyfriend, and my... my...
It's not true... It's not true...
Him, a boyfriend? He's just pretending, you know.
You're just a simple child! Just like with this children's lunch!
S- Sana-chan!
I can't ever...
 Sana... Sana... will start again... will start again from Square One. 
He's infuriating, isn't he?
I'm not angry at him.
It's just like with that chick. Aono-chan's egg wouldn't have hatched.
And Aono-chan would mu-ch rather have met her chick and be embarrassed about it,
than to never have seen it at all!
Brat...!?
No way!
Oh, is that so? Yeah. Sure you would be.
despite the way I was, right?
Come home soon. Mother and Rei."
You jerk!
Hurry and go eat your dinner.
Rei-kun...?
Rei-kun, do you like Asako-san?
A chick?
"Back against the wall."
And our usual classroom...
What's between you and Sagami-kun, quite frankly, is not love!
Oh, dear, Sana-chan, you're late.
I'm off--
Okay, okay!
You're kidding! Why this all of a sudden? Six commercials in one week?
No, no, including Gleco's Ice Regular spot, it's seven.
She's not listening.
What's the use? I'll do them.
"Well, even so... it's only for a little while..."
We're boxers! We know no pity! We're boxers!
Just kidding! New Kid's Foam, now on sale!
One more time, okay?
Delicious a hundred times, makes my cheeks pucker!
I haven't even had time to think about where the love I've lost has gone.
Well, how 'bout if only we go?
Don't turn away Rei-kun anymore, okay?
Sana-chan...
--so skinny!
--Or maybe he just likes me on the same level as sushi? --Sana-chan is distraught.
If Pop dies, what am I going to do?
Hayama...
Those of you in Hayama-san's family, come on in.
Mm-hmm. Of course, he will have to stay in the hospital,
Oh, uh, I'll go call our aunt.
Get well soon, okay?
See ya!
I'm giving you this.
Come on, come on.
Hayama, this is the first time
Mm-hmm, I was impressed.
There's something remarkable about your talent, Sana-chan.
I've been waiting for an answer.
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
so BOY, take a look my way!
And our usual classroom...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
Sheesh! Rei-kun, you've booked too much work for me!
Episode 12 of the "Oh No, Oh No, We're Not Getting Along" Saga,
Sana-than, wrap it up, wrap it up.
"Dappi" is a little bit different from the skin that peels awf your body
It's also what you call it when you abandon old ideas
Will we make it in time?
I'm flying! I'm flying energetically!
What!?
It's Hisae-chan's birthday party.
Sana-chan, run the way you would!
This week's Sana-chan.
Right, Sana-chan?
You're awful, Sana-chan!
--She's right, you're awful. --I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
You know, I feel a little sorry for Sana-chan over there.
Yeah, you're right. I wouldn't want to be known as the number-one mean boy.
It's okay. I'll only be busy for a little while longer.
What?
Sana is depressed?
Sana-chan!
 "A magical manteau," Ma - Mi - Mu - Me - Mo. 
 "Cross the fields, cross the mountains," Yodel-ay-hee! 
 Cheep-cheep, chirp-chirp, "twitchy little pen." 
 Shee-shee-shee, draw a star, clap-clap! 
You worked really hard, Sana-chan. That was the last one. We're all done.
Ah... I'm exhausted...
After all, she finished 10 whole commercials since our last broadcast.
Whew, Babbit has been keeping up with Sana-chan the whole time,
You just pop out for a moment, then withdraw right away, don't you?
Yeah, that's what I was thinking, too. That's not fair, huh?
Sure you can do that?
Tsuyoshi-kun!
"Sorry"
Say, which one do you think is best?
Most of them will start coming out next month.
Tsuyoshi-kun is not the kind of boy that usually misses class, you know?
I've been waiting for an answer.
so BOY, take a look my way!
My Name is Going To Change.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
and I fell asleep...
This is my home.
Take it easy!
Oh, I just wanted to startle you, Sana-chan,
It isn't cool to eat a hamburger with both hands.
Now, at this point, here's this week's Sana-chan.
I'm home! Take-chan brought me-
I'm sorry, Mama...
Her father is middle-aged actor Gojo Takefumi-san, 41...
Okay, our couple with the gossip about them, we're about ready to go!
This is Gojo Takeshi-san.
I'm Gojo. "Takeshi" is written like the word for "warrior,"
Oh, Tsu-san. Sorry about the commotion.
But isn't the 30-year difference in your ages a bit unnatural?
In middle school?
 I'll dance on the dresser for Guidance. 
Get to bed!
Dumbass!
Any other ideas?
--Furikake seasoning. --Huh?
Come now, Shinichi-san, your collar is crooked.
--I'm leaving! --Well then, goodbye.
All right, here goes.
Oh, well if you were coming, you should have said so earlier!
What kind of vulgar gossip is this!?
I will overlook it this time.
Come to think of it, Zenjiro-san was saying something to me earlier...
Could he have been talking about Andoh-sensei?
Gomi-san, please.
What did you say?
...is because of an issue with the content of the guidance
Shinichi-san!
Gomi-kun...
That goes for you guys, too! I like canned peaches in heavy syrup,
Achoo!
You know, last night, I saw Gomi-kun.
Do it.
He is, huh?
so resolve when to give up
It's all crazy over there,
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi, "
the tale of where Take-chan and Sana-chan,
That rumor that I love you
The white bat, who's thrilled to have a name settled on.
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy. Now, though, how should I put it...?
Sensei, have you heard any word from Tsuyoshi?
Tsuyoshi-kun...?
When did you get your hands on that?
Shut up!!
his dad looked kind of lonely.
Wait up! I'm coming, too!
T- Tsuyoshi-kun, why...?
Tsuyoshi, I ought to...
We're almost done with all of the finding a new apartment
Now it's just a big hassle putting all of our stuff away.
Okay.
The manager that protects and fosters his performers
"Us"?
You don't say. That's great news, Akito-kun.
Cut it out, Akito-kun!
What?
--Wait! Those aren't-- --There's no water!
An insurance card?
We've got most of it put away, huh?
but I'm glad he's in a good mood.
You really helped us out today.
B- be a man, and stop crying.
Hey! Don't be presumptuous!
It's from the year we were born.
Well, even during just our 12-year lifetimes,
a lot has happened, huh?
I'm free to talk to you, anytime!
Tsuyoshi-kun, huh? Hmm, what kind of animal does he remind me of...?
 Rain will come in waves, and snow will come in waves! 
--so I gave it to another boy who was standing nearby... --Take it! Take it! Take it!
It sure caught me out of balloons.
Thanks.
I'm in a hurry today, so I'm leaving without you.
That's crazy. The set has awlready been put together.
That's okay. I'm over Sana-chan now.
You're over her? That's too bad. I guess that's how it goes.
T- Tsuyoshi-kun...
S- Sugita-san!
Good luck with Akito-kun.
How did the move go?
Some friends helped us out, so it's almost done.
Bye, now.
Father, you take care, too.
"The Summer of My Promise -Part I"
Whether you're awake or asleep,
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
My Aoki Laureate prize-winning Mama.
Did you bring your hair dryer?
--Nope. I did bring my curling iron, though. --Well...
Let me borrow it, okay?
It's your makeup that's ostentatious, you wrinkled hag.
It's Narunaru!
 Outdoors, outdoors, hello to you! 
 The bus is going-going, you're going-going too! 
 Gently, violently, the bus is going! 
 --Here we go, moving down the road! --You can't stand there!
Firefly Inn, it's called! Firefly Inn!
Listen to me, if you don't listen, you won't be able to eat dinner.
Oh, meat! Meat!
Ooh, the meat is all gone!
I'll take this meat!
Yeah, constipation has me over a barrel.
And is that usually the sort of thing you make a girl say!?
What are you guys doing?
Kurata! Hayama! What time do you think it is!?
I knew you'd say that.
For grade school boys and girls
to be friendlier with each other than is necessary is simply--
P- Principal...?
Smushed that mosquito!
Principal! We're discussing those two right now!
the problems in 3rd Class have decreased.
...said something principal-like!
--The scenery here is terribly pretty. --Yodel-ay-hee!!
Don't be so rigid, Sana-chan. Your everyday face looks fine.
Aw, you're positively...
Does everyone watch Child's Toy!?
The limbo dance is, by its very nature--!
This is crazy.
Any way you look at it, her head should have gotten stuck!
I give up!
Well, I did train at Komawari, after all!
Something has happened, hasn't it?
--I don't even know where to begin explaining. --I- I feel sort of strange.
--Is it that complicated? --I guess I'm a little nervous.
That's what you say about times like these.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
After following after a firefly, I fell down a cliff.
That rumor that I love you
they're all nice!
as well as my former boyfriend... and former pimp?
A lot has happened. A lot can happen, huh, as you go on living?
Now then, about this mysterious white bat...
Yay! My name is Babbit! I'm the white bat who always butting in.
Sana, how about we fulfill your promise?
Around the time summer vacation is over, probably.
How come Hayama is the only one who noticed?
I love you, A-chan, and that's why I tried so hard to have you.
Yeah. And if your enjoyable life together gets destroyed, then so what?
--would have to be the main topic... --any stomach medicine...?
Yes. As Sana-chan's manager, I'd like to know.
I'm not telling!
Well then, I guess you'd have to become her husband, Akito.
We can't have that! Maybe I should take a husband in, too!
You don't, by any chance, want to laugh, too, do you?
thanks to you.
I was thinking... if you get depressed or anything... I'd like to help... so...
Oh, I can't stand it!
Now you're embarrassed! This is the first time I've ever seen that!
 Won't you smile for me? One more time, one more time! 
 How rare, how rare, seeing Hayama smile! 
 Smile! Smile! Ha ha ha, ha! 
--I was so happy to see Hayama smile for the first time, --Smile, Hayama! Come on! Come on!
"If you feel like crying, come find me."
Oh, he's playing Tanuki!
I'm back.
--By the way, I'm playing the heroine this year! --Ah, Tom is dead!
--Sana-chan! Let go! --Tom! Tom! Tom! Tom!
Don't talk to the TV.
Wash! Wash! One, two, four! Ah! Too much came off!
You're kidding! Who, who!? Tell us, who!
Did you hear that, Akito-kun? Did you hear?
Good grief! Sana-chan, you don't know him?
Right! And he has appeared in dramas, as well.
What are you, stupid? I'll bet that hurt.
Really, couldn't you think a moment before you act?
Good grief, you're the first one I've talked to about this, Akito-kun.
Not really.
Mm-hmm, it said the title would be "My Daughter and I."
Mama is writing an essay on me.
Wait up!
Behold! As learned in Gekidan Komawari, the marvelous... un... deux... troi...!
Heal-Band.
Really?
They said you can keep this. Here.
...panic!!
he's there.
...for two.
It's better for both me, who absolutely adores fried shrimp,
--than for someone who likes them only so-so to, --No, that's not it...
But it was one time! Just that one time!
Let it pass, okay!? See? I'm begging you! Please, officer! Please, officer!
I don't have any other secrets.
It's about you and your Mama.
What were you after? Money? Fame? Or was it...
But I didn't think about how to do it. I'm sorry. I was wrong.
For crying out loud, I wasn't sure what to think!
As long as she's dressed like this, Sana is going to dance.
Kamura Naozumi...
 And if I don't worry, then I won't worry! 
Onda Takezo-san!
who is unable to keep secrets.
and running around causing trouble.
the neighborhood association works hard to try to run the boy out.
Rei-kun, what are you thinking about?
--This doesn't really have anything to do with me. --Just go, would you?
It's only polite to thank someone who gives you something, right?
This is ringing, here...
and now she's not answering.
When Sana-chan is the glorious staw of the stage,
I, Zenjiro, will not let anything stand in the way of cheering for her!
Hold on, now. Pitch-uhs? Oh my, what is a poison to do in this position?
What's going on? Hey, Akito-kun, what's going on?
By the way, does Sana-chan have any boys that she is good friends with?
Oh, that's him!
Hey there!
That's an incredible amount, for not even being with any agencies.
Pipe down, Mister!
--What foah!? I'm Zenjiro! --Go home, Mister! --I can't see!
 I tell you, coming out, coming out! 
Tom?
Magnificent, Sana-chan! Her brilliance comes naturally to her.
even when it is difficult, and even when it hurts.
But I don't want to forget how to smile.
Is there something you're working hard at, like Sana-chan is?
There's no way we can get near them.
How about we call it a day?
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
to always go along with the scenario.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
But then, he was never a warm person to begin with.
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 17; the fated series finally reaches its climax!
It's coming... the day of our promise...
There's a place where I can go to cry.
Please don't pull me!
Ah! What are you doing!?
and that he should try it out. So then Akito-kun said...
Then you won't be a good match for Sana-chan.
Hayama...
...why don't you have Kamura comfort you?
Did you call me an idiot!?
Okay, okay, closing up here...
They always send me the book after the day it goes on sale.
That's why I do this.
so you can afford to let me have a little bit, can't you?
that you bought mail order for 175,000 did have a use, huh?
Mama, isn't it this one?
--The pimp... --Me.
And now, for the final trap, Shimura!
 He's beyond help, but you just can't hate him! 
Mother is in there, too!
was an abandoned child that she found on a park bench eleven years ago,
and the details--
There was a whole pile of books delivered to me over there,
It's okay.
I wrote about those in 'The Pimp and I,'
Her mothuh? Her mothuh's got nothing to do with it.
Don't you think she will be deeply scarred by this incident?
Scarred? You're not tawlking about that thing with the stewardess, right?
Once the doctor told me, I was despondent over that number.
I came to the conclusion that if I could not go on living as an ordinary woman,
my feet were skipping all on their own. Just then, I heard a baby crying."
After the baby had been in the hospital for a week,
I went to go see how she was, every day.
--Yes...?
A-chan, about your Mama... I love you, A-chan,
and that's why I tried so hard to have you.
Hello, there.
S- Sensei, your hair!
Naturally, I imagined what all of you were going to say.
I wonder how many of you have read my book all the way through to the end.
Did Sana-chan give any kind of consent to having this book published?
Bye!
That goes for you not-so-good boys and girls, too.
Even though she does work as a TV personality, she is still a child!
...panic!!
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
And our usual classroom...
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
You letch!
Don't you lie to me! You're just a letch!
took away a girl that appeared to be Sana-chan.
--Well, let's move on to Tokyo's own Obana Miho, --Thank you.
Hello, is this the Kurata-san residence? This is Hayama...
She has fallen fast asleep, so this appears to be terribly hard on her.
Is that so? That might allow my daughter to feel better.
She went to the Hayama's house, all right. Having her stay there
Apparently, she's only worried about how her mom is feeling.
I'm so sorry I fell asleep!
Oh, are you still in here?
There aren't very many photos of Hayama... are there...?
What are you looking at?
Hayama, you really do have a mole right here, huh?
How did you know that!?
Nah.
It's got to be ramen.
Cut that out, or I'll kick you.
I can't take it...
You idiots! How can you look at this and say it looks like a giraffe!?
Where to?
This is the one, right? I'll put it right here in the basket.
--Zenjiro-san! --Sana-chan!
What about you, Zenjiro-san? What happened?
A little time will solve everything.
Let's hurry and get our shopping done.
In the titles for each chapter.
Do you want to meet your real mother?
Thanks...
Coverage of Kurata Misako-san's essay had been growing ever more aggressive,
when Kamura-kun suddenly and independently called reporters together.
but for us to report the news
--Yeah! --Dad!
--Well, I'm going to school. --Dad!
That can't be helped. Right now, he is closer to Sana-chan than I am.
I'm trying to pass you off as a bishonen, and that just looks weird!
--Yes, Kurata residence. --I guess we owe it to Naozumi-kun.
--Yes... Yes... Yes, but... Yes... --The press has been reduced quite a bit.
Akito-kun, something happened with Sana-chan, huh?
...for two.
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
The dazzling, brilliant sky, and the white clouds that kindly protected me,
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 19; the fated series reaches its conclusion.
This has been the white bat, Babbi-- waahh!
That rumor that I love you
You can't ignore it either.
Whether you're awake or asleep,
had three moles lined up in a row on her rear end.
You raise the child you bear.
Why is it that dogs and cats, and even chipmunks can understand that,
Stand up.
--Well, okay. --Take this!
Yeah, thankfully!
Mama...
"There are sitting fools, and there are fools who watch."
Wow, what a surprise, right? Surprising, surprising, right?
--See? She's weird, huh? Weird, isn't she? --Can I get another cup? --Yes, yes, right away.
Yes.
I was so confused... I didn't even realize what had happened.
Right? Right?
Never mind that, there's something that I've been really wanting to ask you.
Huh!? This is important! Up to now, it has always been the 7th of March.
You like "Sam"? Is it that funny?
I'd better take a picture before I forget!
"My name is Sam! Sam speak English very well."
--Stop! --I'm not so sure about this.
She said she was going home for the day.
Is that all right?
I'll leave that up to Sana.
You know something, don't you!? Spill it!
Hey...
To thank you for picking that up,
--Wow! Sana-chan! Sana-chan! --Looks like it worked out okay.
I'm fine!
...isn't going to happen. I can't do that.
...and when I think about how I would have never known this delightful world...
Oh, the press was no problem.
No, not that...
And so, I wanted to meet your mother first,
Mama...
 Sora, sora, sora, dance of the Maro-chans! 
Shall we rebuild, then?
Let's do it, Mama! Once the royalties from "My Daughter and I" come in,
You're such a grown-up, after all...
Nice work, everyone!
Ah, Sana-chan!
That's utsuro na manako! "blank look in your eyes"
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Babbit will be hosting! I'm a little nervous about it!
"Kodomo no Odocha"
is true, yes it is.
You're introducing yourself, huh?
Let her have it!
Hit his weak spot?
Hayama! You're not scared at all, huh!?
When you jump, whoever yells the loudest loses.
Ah, damn! She's adopting a strange pose!
--cost 30,000. Now then, --This time for sure... this time for sure...
You go ahead and enjoy yourself. You don't know anything,
You couldn't understand the way I feel!
Maybe I'm shameless, and maybe I'm a buttinski,
Just you wait, Hayama. Someday, I'm sure to make you smile wide!
I love you, A-chan, and that's why I tried so hard to have you.
who was playing a police officer, had?
Ah, it was the sensei! This will be Obana-chin's foist answuh!
Rei, it's you, isn't it!?
Rei! Rei! Make sure you do! Rei!
This will be a Trick Jumping Quiz question.
I told you, it was a trick question.
Now, now, cheer up. Here's a come-from-behind quiz question!
If you answer this question correctly, you will get ten points!
Mm-hmm.
I can trust you, right, Rei-kun?
That's cold.
Hey.
That's all.
Good morning! Rei-kun was understanding, and doesn't mind it at all!
She came inside the house!? So, what is it with her!?
Huh? What was it...? Come to think of it, I never paid attention to that...
That's weird of me, huh? I'm all right... I'm all right, so why...
Ah! Sane-yan!
You were guessing?
You keep a mowl!?
What does a kid like me do with something like this?
Well, it looks like we've managed to end on a high note,
while still having a good time!
I've been waiting for an answer.
I have a date with Naozumi-kun!
I've crossed plains, mountains, and valleys!
Wow, it really is a great place! What will be in store for Sana-chan there?
when the children go home,
The issue with Mama has been settled,
What is it, Sana-chan? Something the mattuh?
Aw, you've really got me now!
That's okay. It must be a long time since you've gotten away, huh?
I ask you to please leave Sana-chan alone.
Yeah, that's right. I was surprised at how easily she came forward,
Sana-chan... the things you've been doing,
Composing machine?
Hey, is Sana-chan really coming with him?
Okay, thanks!
and yet somehow, it's all terribly familiar.
They all want to be like you, Sana-chan.
Sannas...?
Okay, all of you get a handshake, as my present to you! Line up, line up!
--Ta-da! This is the first public showing! --That girl was here together with you, Nao-chan.
Isn't that nice of him?
and everyone thinks of this as their home, and all...
Me?
Hey, it's you again! Playing with fire makes you wet the bed!
My, "hag" is not a word you would use on a young 6th-grader,
If you don't know, then look it up for yourself, Auntie.
Easy, easy, easy... at this rate, I'm going to lose any chance of recovery.
Dummy! Let the fly eat it!
Hey, Koji!
What was that, Sana-chan?
I'm going to make him say "Uncle!"
Sorry, I don't have time to entertain you right now.
Rei-kun! What are you dawdling around for!?
You can't be poking along right now!
Okay, Ko-chan! I challenge you to a bungee jump contest!
My, Sana-chan, what a hullabaloo.
Earlier, she forgot that we even existed.
When are you going to get off my back, Auntie!?
Don't you look cool now, exposed little boy?
Who is Hayama?
What did I just tell you!?
"Sana-chan..."
So that's it.
I've been waiting for an answer.
is true, yes it is.
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
Okay, Sana-chan, if I win this hand, then...
the last half-year of my grade-school life!
Hm hm hm... This is for the match, Rei-kun.
Are you guys still at it?
So, who's winning?
Just as I thought. Sagami-kun you're...
Sagami-kun, you really are... you know.
Come on, come on.
I'm going to win... I'm going to win... I'm going to win...
Bye, now, Rei-kun. No commercials for me...
I'm just no good at critical times!
This doesn't look like a weird video.
How do you mean, weird?
Oh, nothing.
The bathtub is available.
I'm going to have a barbecue party with Aya-chan and the others!
Okay!
I see.
 --and there's juice. --I'm no good...
 --Let's sing, hey, hey! --I'm no good...
 --the odds and ends! --One order of bomb! --Okay, coming up!
--Still, I don't think that's it. --What? What are they talking about?
--No, it's not like that. --I'm no good...
if you don't mind listening.
Rei-kun...
 I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, please excuse me. 
 Sorry, noodles, forgive me, tea table. 
She has been through a lot. I'm sure she's just a little discouraged.
Sana, become a little more famous than other children.
Yes, and as such...
I'm making a go of it.
 Hayama, hooray! 
 Chop! Chop! Chop! Hot stuff! Karate chop! 
 Holding it out, ballooning it out, ballooning it out, slurping it out! 
Okay, I already am running riot...!
Still, isn't karate supposed to be...
It would just be too much trouble to butt in, so let's keep quiet.
--Excuse us!
That's life. Everyone gets through it and goes on to live happily.
Here, I've warmed them up for you.
Ah, they're so warm!
What!? What!? What's wrong!?
keeping your head directly above your hind end.
Come home soon!
Go the other way!
Hayama...
Say, why did you suddenly start taking karate?
Later.
I'm home!
Huh? You guys are all here?
Hey! Who is that, making so much noise in someone else's yard
Naozumi-kun!
All right, I'll do this!
"Back against the wall."
And our usual classroom...
Huh? Zenjiro-san took Mariko-chan away!? What's going on!?
Something happened! Something happened, I tell you!
 Boys have roads that they go down, 
"Not really. None of your business."
N-no, the one to blame is... the one to blame is... that's right! It's Hayama!
Whatever, just hurry and eat your sushi!
Sana-chan, way to go!!
You like him, too?
How do you do that!?
Hayama?
so Shinichi-san will have to study hard for us.
I'm going to tell you this flat-out-
If you can't go back to Jinbo Middle, what exactly do you plan to do?
Seriously?
Ah! You're thinking of doing something shameful, aren't you?
--We're-
--I heard Hayama-san was caught shoplifting! --Have you heard?
This could be dangerous, so you good boys and girls shouldn't try it at home.
Ah! Babbit's the one who makes the quips!
Because of our love-love power, I believe.
All right!
When I heard from someone in 2nd Class
I'll bet- hey! What do you mean, someone in 2nd Class?
...then it's no use.
Hayama-san!
All the blood will go to his head, after all.
Aw, he got mad at me.
But these last few years, he has become quite healthy.
We probably shouldn't have done so.
We really are terribly sorry for this. Good night.
--A five-hour wait! --I can't tell them myself.
Yo, give me some money.
Bye Bye Bye
It's always the same old nonsense,
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Cu: you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
and your body will be healthy,
so resolve when to give up
I've got nationwide valentines!
Love just doesn't suit our class.
the "this is the chocolate love and courage that can change lives" saga,
"Clear, With Occasional Gone Missing"
When did he get back there?
You underhanded, cowardly, cheating masher!
Kurata Sana. I've got an accuracy percentage of 95.
I've got 0.3.
That's pretty lousy.
I'm so busy with work that I don't come at all.
This is an anime, so it's okay and awl, but this would be pretty hawsh!
She said we could go away together!
Really? That's terrific.
"The next day, 'Child's Toy' was on location, too"
These morning location shoots are really tough.
Papa is calling. How about we go back inside?
Mariko!
Mariko-chan!
It's dangerous here.
She's not here!
This is why dramas are so tense!
That's our Rei-kun for you!
But I've got this feeling like I shouldn't be doing this.
"Burutcha Cryptology for Former Boss Monkeys Kurata Sana, Editor in Chief"
M- my Vursacci suit!
Thief!? H- hush, you dummy! Where are your parents!?
My Anything-Goes Cooking!
She's going to show us her "Okay Anytime, Very Much Japan Rice."
A little more than halfway full is good.
You can use pickled radish instead of sour plums, too!
Shall we have seconds?
she's been saying she was going to see Sana-chan,
It's all right! We're sure to find her right away!
Just leave the TV station to me!
I know not of her.
Mariko-chan!
What!?
Wait, Mariko-chan!
Ah, Indian Panda-san, about this lovely three-year-old girl...
I'm sorry.
Ah! Sana-chan! Papa! Mama!
Papa bowed over and over.
 I really love you! 
You're sure being carefree is okay?
You're sure?
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
so BOY, take a look my way!
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
I'll be a 6th grader the rest of my life!
Math Life Drives Me Batty
"Kodomo no Odocha"
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
My natural enemy and good friend, Hayama Akito.
Akito-kun,
Ah, thank goodness!
That's right, it's no use trying to talk to him.
S- Sea--?
That's six months away.
She's absolutely blue!
You should basically be able to go right into middle school
Is that understood!?
I'm sure those children resent me, and despise me.
However... however... if I must, I will play the ogre!
Whose fault is it that we're behind in our lesson plan?
You're sure about this, Tanaka-sensei?
Thank you so much.
Sensei!
S- Sana-chan...
Well, do you understand this?
 Glub-glub, I'm now in sixth grade, 
Aw, that is trouble.
Good evening, awl you good boys and goils.
--No! No! No! No! No! --I wonduh how old I'll be then...
--Public schools have some good things about them. --Please! Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
 What's so bad about math!? --What's so bad about math?
Whoo! For the first time in ages, it's Hard-Boiled Hayama-san!
What did you say!?
There's still one more.
There was one still left in my desk.
Hayama,
She can't do anything about her math.
I probably should ask Akito-kun about this, before I tell Sana-chan...
Ah, the heart of a young boy wavers intensely!
Just a minute! Tsuyoshi-kun, we're in the Mach realm, here!
Oh, sorry.
You should be cleaning the classroom.
--And here I gave you back that naked photo of you! --What is she talking about?
I can't take it anymore!
Oh, it's just...
Hand it over! Hand it over! The teachers making out!
You lying, rice-pounding, desert on the moon!
Someone who has been left behind for years won't be able to do anything
--Sensei!
I... I...
Yeah! Yeah!
--L- limbo...
...ideal education!
so BOY, take a look my way!
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
"A Band-Aid For the Heart?"
Croquet?
Ku-ro-su-ke.
Yes?
I got myself out.
Ah, class is starting!
No...
All right, I'll shake it out of you with my Burutcha--!
He plunged Mami-chan into that pond, right?
It's frightening. It hurts.
When the two of them are alone together,
That's just how scars of the heart are.
I'm going out!
Is this his day off?
Ba-bing, push the button, ba-bing!
Push it! Push it!
Over there, over there!
Yes?
Oh, I see. I went home early, so you came because you were worried about me.
Sure you will. Kurosuke will be waiting for you, and all.
I mean, you're not the only one who did that awful thing to Mami-chan,
and maybe if we want to undo something, it can be undone, right?
 every day is happy, happy, happy! 
Mami-chan, is there a type of boy that you prefer?
Okay! Let me handle it! I know, how about xxxx-chan from xxxxx?
A-one, a-two, a-hoy-hoy-hoy-hoy...
Mami-chan!
Hayama Akito-kun!
Whoa...
No matter how many bandages you have ready,
Okay, good luck, everyone!
Ah, hello, Higashiyamato-san. Oh, what's with the hat and T-shirt?
If I go up to the second floor and swing my way around, I'll get back!
Sana-chan, you might be able to do something about it.
You can only drink as much as the straw will reach.
--Ah, okay, I'm coming right now! --Everyone, line up.
"I have to play this game as a penalty because I lost at billiards" person.
--Mami-chan! --That's great, Mami-chan!
Why?
Just a second.
Mami-chan appears to be doing fine, too!
Maybe I'll sing!
That's what you say about times like these.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
The chick that I gave to Aono-chan?
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 26, the Rub Those Sleepy Eyes and Dizzy Head saga,
Whether you're awake or asleep,
T- Tsuyoshi-kun, what's wrong with you!?
Yeah! Yeah!
Grade-schoolers are neither ojin sticks-in-the-mud nor oban hags!
Okay, does anyone have anything to say about themselves, and not just others?
Are you okay?
Thanks, Aya-chan.
Hey, you two, we know that you're getting along well and all, but what is "this"?
Tsuyoshi-kun wasn't feeling well, so she said she would stay at his side.
Come on, come on, you have spell it out for her, or she won't understand.
Is that all? Don't go worrying Aya-chan like that, lover-boy!
Tsuyoshi-kun!
I heard you're raising a chicken on the veranda of your apartment.
Yay! Yay!
It's the chick from back then.
I don't give things out willy-nilly!
Shake! Come on, shake.
Of course they can't.
Sana-chan, you're talking to Piyoko.
Aono...
it wakes everyone up, and they can't sleep.
You can't go back to your old house, either.
and it won't be any problem if Piyoko crows a little at my house.
Mm-hmm, if it's your house, Sana-chan, that's fine.
You are absolutely forbidden to mention that,
Thank you very much!
Maybe you are.
Sana-chan, where are you going to keep this chicken?
Huh? What brought that up all of a sudden?
I think you're perfect the way you are now.
Nice work! Thank you very much! Good night!
Hey, what part of my baby are you calling funny-looking? How rude of you!
 Here and there, everywhere, cock-a-doodle-doo. 
Mm-hmm, I unduhstand. It's that feeling of hawtrending loneliness, huh?
I'm the same way.
Lately, giraffes and chickens have stawted liking me for some reason.
Everyone, we somehow managed to get through the day.
Then, it was because of Piyoko?
Sagami-kun went right after her, so I think he'll find her soon. Don't worry.
Hey, Aono!
It's okay, it's okay.
Look! I've got this one, too!
Your hair is funny!
Momotaro had a pheasant that accompanied him, not a chicken.
Really!?
This week's Sana-chan! There's a Momotaro feel to it.
The school is wide open, so you can crow as loud and as much as you want.
That's what you say about times like these.
He's back again! Mama's ex-husband!
is true, yes it is.
who could do something like--
Aah! She shot me 50 or 60 times!
What is it?
Goodbye! Thanks for the ugly bunny!
Isn't he cute?
His eyes are lame.
You could always get rid of that doll, right?
It's okay, I'm sure that someday, an easier, better-paying,
Thanks, Sana-chan. You're the only one that unduhstands me, Sana-chan.
I guess you could call it male romanticism.
I traveled throughout all of Japan's mountains
W- well, a sumaki is--
here to keep an eye on your uncle.
he's going to eliminate me on the spot.
Please lend your uncle a hand, to save him!
You can just think of it as work.
Keeping it secret is part of the promise I made with the organization.
...just so that I would do some job which I don't even know anything about?
No, that wasn't my intent.
the smile on your face looked very affectionate, Uncle.
There's no way that somebody who was trying to trick me,
Sana-chan...
Oh, Zenjiro-sensei! Did you crawl your way up out of that abyss by yourself?
Z- Zenjiro-san?
It's really him! It's really Zenjiro-san!
--Um, I'd like to ask you --and they'll awl be stacked,
I should have known, Zenjiro-san!
Okay, the day after tomorrow, then.
--Rei-kun! --I knew it!
--Uh, mm-hmm. He came to borrow money. --I finally found some tasty woik. This is gonna be easiuh on me.
Nothing, never mind!
You're the super-perveted, pedophiliac, special, indecent,
Zenjiro-sensei, we can't say a peep about today's work to Rei-kun and Mama.
S- sure...
Tasty, tasty, and it'll be easy, well-oining woik, right?
I understand that you are personally going to pay back the money
Hey, hey, what do you think you're doing to this Kyoto, taxi grade-school kid!?
Y- you can't! You promised me!
That's my idol.
Break time.
You know, I've been wanting to have a long talk with you, Sana-chan.
I don't mean long like that.
Sana-chan is going to be sold off!?
Loaches!
Kurata! Now!
Ryosuke-kun is not such a bad person. I guarantee it.
I'm grateful for that.
Well, that should clear up any doubts you had.
Right, Hit-man?
Right!
--When you need to be secretive,
Zen-chan!
On the doll... on the doll...!
What is this!?
Now you understand the man's true nature, right?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, I understand!
It makes me mad just being reminded about him!
Like a good-for-nothing moth to the flame!
"Back against the wall."
I've been waiting for an answer.
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
Sana-chan, come visit us again soon.
"Come to think of it, Hayama's name is..."
Hayama! You were born during autumn, weren't you?
Sana-chan...!
You see, you have a party and exchange presents on the day
right in the middle of your two birthdays.
To the cemetery.
Now, now, Sana-chan,
Rawr! Rowr!
This father and son still don't talk to each other much.
Sana-chan and Tsuyoshi-kun, thanks for coming with us.
Oh? That's the kind of person she was, huh?
so you all go on ahead.
I don't know.
But she nodded when she saw you, Akito-kun.
Eh?
It's not "Battobi," it's "Babbit"!
You said that a long while ago.
My name is Kurata Sana. Your little boy is a bit of a scamp,
but he's still a pretty good guy, so don't you worry.
...and as a result,
She's right.
As I recall, it has been over ten years since Hayama-kun's mother passed away.
But he was definitely acting strange at the cemetery, huh?
You can't get an alligator stuck in your back teeth.
Hayama let's out a slight 'eh!'
Yeah, you're right. I don't think it's that, either.
But the world can turn the tables on you. Even Rei-kun had a girlfriend.
Hayama-kun, where are you going?
Not at all. Natsumi-chan and Akito-kun sure have grown up, huh?
The reason for my heartfelt request has to do with Akito.
This is a place to drink tea!
That was terrible, Zenjiro-san!
Are you sure about that?
but when I'm put in the same position, I don't like it.
You finally got over being a chicken-and-egg dum-dum,
Her name is Daiichi Shiori-san, and she was your mom's best friend.
No! No! Sana-chan, what do we do!?
Good evening.
Yes, something suddenly came up. Be my guest.
It's decorated to Father Hayama's tastes!
and ran riot around his company!
Now then, I've heard all these stories about Hayama-san,
-- He's a shocking father, -- He's a shocking father, 
 But I'm still a pretty swell pop. 
Natsumi, what is all this?
Shiori-san, as you know, up until just recently,
After all, we get to eat sakuramochi and kashiwamochi rice cakes!
Ah, isn't summer great?
Oh, yeah?
whenever a new season comes, I always feel like "let's give it a go!"
This baby is going to be born in October, so I'm going to name him Akito,
Remember what it was that you did!
Y- yeah...
Yeah, a very fine dad!
"Back against the wall."
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
She brought a whole host of the kind of candidates that Mama doesn't like!
"She's Here! Mother's Mother"
Here's your manuscript.
Be careful.
The manuscript inside it is from three years ago.
Now then, I think I'll treat myself to a little tub time,
Mama...
Grandma!
W-w-wha...?
I run a small inn among the Kusatsu hot springs
-are you listening to me, Dad!?
Misako-san, you often played with him when you were both children.
Yes, hailing from Kusatsu-
Lend me some money?
I was still immature at the time.
it doesn't matter if the husband is wiggly or silly, as long as the wife remains firm.
That's hot!
Forgive the belated introductions. I am Katagiri, second-in-charge at Kurata Inn.
Abandoned child? You mean me?
Yes.
--Things head off in another direction!! --I'm starting to want to go to the hot springs now...
And the Kusatsu hot springs are fairly close by, too.
If she were her blood granddaughter,
I feel bad for Sana-chan.
Oh, these are the best!
You'll laugh at this week's! Just you watch, Grandma!
...the cook, you see!
What, really?
Katagiri!
There is nobody else besides her. Make preparations at once!
What a cold grandmother she must be,
Sana-chan, this will show that straitlaced old lady-
You have to stay smiling all the time.
She is the number one personality sought after to do commercials!
This!
This?
Tori!
--As it happens, --She's exactly, exactly how she looks on TV.
Really?
If it were a coincidence, then-
Could it be that she is scheming to leave Kurata Inn to Sana now?
Mistress, you just can't give up your "Child's Toy" ways!
You're going to sing, right?
Good afternoon.
Did you just bow?
I... I... I am Sana-chan's betrothed!
What!?
There is no guarantee that at some time,
where you are greeted by a popular former child star mistress.
Be sure to come by Kusatsu sometime!
"Back against the wall."
That's what you say about times like these.
to always go along with the scenario.
he's there.
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
"Kodomo no Odocha"
is true, yes it is.
My former boyfriend, Rei-kun. Now, he's a fine manager.
We're suddenly going to crash other shows,
Fidget, fidget...
It's so maddening! That article is a load of lies and hooey!
No, not lately...
You haven't seen her!?
With awl the rumuhs about Kimuchi Takuya,
they want to find an opening to intuhview him.
Mm-hmm, here goes!
This is dreadful. Kimuchi Takuya...
Okay, good work, everyone!
Right now, you're going to retrain yourself from the beginning!
Sorry, but we're about to do a take. Bye.
so I was thinking maybe I might actually meet her...
Scatter!
This is Tsuyoshi... This is Tsuyoshi...
They seem to really be getting along well. Over.
They're closing in. Over.
Hey! I can't see!
Hey, what are they talking about!?
Eh? Um...
What good will it do if you panic?
Where is the back of the blade of a chop?
Okay, everyone, good job! Let's keep it up tomorrow, too!
I've had a lot of practice.
Okay, sure.
I don't mean to keep harping on this,
I hear that Asako-san has a kissing scene in this drama.
Copy that. Continue your surveillance. Over.
Huh? But I can't dance.
What's the use?
Sana-chan...
I trust you... I trust you... I trust you!
Mama...
I have a press conference to get to, so if you'll excuse me...
Wha-?
so BOY, take a look my way!
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
The mysterious straight man, Babbit.
Yow! Yow! I knew they would be coming, but these arrows still sting.
All right, go, gotcha!
And at this point, somebody somewhere snuck a picture of us.
It really is just an innocent, insignificant picture, ma'am.
Of course there isn't! I wouldn't allow there to be anything more to it!
Why should that kid and Sana-chan have to be in love-love, anyhow?
--I've heard that rumor before, too. --rumors like this tend to get very exaggerated.
What?
This one is from just recently.
Maybe so, but it's not conclusive.
That's a bunch of nonsense, right?
You must be fairly ahead of the others in school, too.
The only thing you don't have enough of...
Rei-kun, what happened? You look cool.
Nothing.
Odd, isn't it?
What a coincidence!
It's no coincidence. Sunglasses-sewn called me here.
Oh, so you do know me.
Get it together!
Everyone wants to know the private affairs of Kurata Sana, idol to a nation.
I must decline. This is my profession, after all.
Mama...
I got it.
What do we do? Hayama is going to be dragged into this.
Your mother died soon after giving birth to your brother, right?
What was it like for your brother, growing up without a mother?
I'd like to write an article about the things they have in common in that area.
but he's really a human.
I just can't do that! It's wrong, any way I think about it!
Oh, come to think of it, he did say he had children.
Suddenly, you're wearing your work smile?
Hey, stop poking me where you shouldn't be.
Smells like something's burning.
That's the tail from the dinosaur costume
 Pour in lots of soy sauce, 
--We have to let the eggs soak in nice and good. --Hey, Tatsuya...
Were you trying to cajole the children into appealing for my sympathy?
What are you talking about?
...we saw the family you are making sure to protect.
Watch what you're doing, Pop! It'll be uneven.
Ah! Akito is in it, too!
I'm going to record this in my picture journal!
Pop, are you going to do this!?
I'm not going to change the way I work after this, either.
Snaky old man, about the stegosaurus...
Huh? You mean Tsuyoshi-kun's father?
What are we going to do, Sensei!?
"Back against the wall."
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
to always go along with the scenario.
...panic!!
he's there.
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
affiliated with Gekidan Komawari.
Yeah, that sounds good!
...Oki lsao, age 41.
I'm worried about them giving you a hard time at school.
Your mother... is worried about you.
Mom...
...l was beside, standing, crying, laughing, boiling, and cooking myself!
The guy apparently did some incredible stuff.
That might be a little weird.
Heh heh, I'm surprised you even came.
Hayama-san, it's just a little joke. A joke.
Erase it.
Tsuyoshi-kun...
Really? Is that the truth?
That's not true, right? That isn't true, right?
He's wrong! That is absolutely not true.
You can hold your head high.
Mm-hmm.
Sasaki-san sure is having it rough.
"A somewhat similar story"
and people say bad things about his family,
Rei-kun, Sana is a girl who puts the lives of her friends ahead of work!
If you die, you won't be able to do any flower viewing!
I'll be right there!
Tsuyoshi-kun!
I get it. Tsuyoshi-kun is here to see his dad.
Bye now.
Y- you know...
so I want to say something like...
But while I may have you, Akito-kun, he doesn't have anyone to chop him.
Tsuyoshi-kun, you can go over there once in a while, and before he snaps,
I- is this really friendly...?
Hey, just hand it over!
You've got some pocket change, right?
That's why the old guy snapped like he did.
 Thank goodness, thank goodness, that's a relief! 
I am eating them, so excuse me.
 Anyhow, we're so relieved now! 
To pick your old man up?
But if nobody goes there when your dad is released, he'll be lonesome, won't he?
Mm-hmm! We'll go, too. Right, Hayama?
Don't go getting stuck on the side of the screen!
Father Oki, why are you ignoring him?
Why did Tsuyoshi-kun turn away?
...going to go bald in the future, huh?
Yes he will.
Hmm...
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
the "Sad Story of Love Drawn Into War" saga,
We tried going with the theme that fighting is fruitless.
 I've decided to make just one, and give it to only one person. 
Hisae-chan's behavior is a little unusual, huh?
Chocolate sellers all over Japan are jammed with girls,
And as for girls likely to give out chocolates...
You mean, it's Sasaki's fault?
Wow, thank you, Aya-chan.
Of course I am! Men live for their looks and their pride! And we bluff, too!
She's not here anymore.
That's it! Let's start without Gojo-san!
Oh, where's your father today?
Okay, okay! We can do it without Take-san!
The set is in place, right? Scene 38!
Take-chan! Oh!
Long ago, they used to peddle their medicine dressed like this.
You know what this is when you reverse it?
Akasaka.
Oh, in that case, you should have said something sooner!
I will go back!!
I learned that just one piece of chocolate
can cheer someone up enough to change their life.
"Gnileef dab a tog evi."
"Gnileef dab a tog evi."
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
The mysterious white bat straight man.
"Love Tastes Like Curry"
What's happening?
Huh? How did you know?
...what is the meaning of this!?
Ooh, this bloodlust is incredible...
Don't tell me you're going to take the boys' side!
Tsuyoshi-kun, a moment...
Gomi-kun, you really do like gomi "trash", huh?"
But they aren't doing it right. They're barely doing it at all.
That's right, Sensei! That's right!
No, I wouldn't say I was lying...
You were going to say you weren't any good at it, and push it all on me, huh?
Five-storied pagoda?
That five-story pagoda...
They mean this.
"Hey"?
I've got this!
The personality assessment notebook!
So?
--when she says you should clean up for yourself, doesn't it!? --she's still talking to you.
Ah, come to think of it, I've never seen you do any proper cleaning, Hayama!
Shut up.
That does it, that does it, that does it!
--That does it! Now I'm furious! --Kurata-san!
and cook three times a day!
What? What? What? You've got a problem with that?
Hayama-san!
You came back!
Sana-chan has snapped!
Girls, we're starting, too!
Do it normally, already!
You really are weird!
Right!
I think harmonicas are nice, too.
 Build a great nation, Kamakura Shogunate! 
--The boys aren't going
Go ahead, feel free! This is the girls' fault, after all!
Andoh-sensei, please don't be fooled!
In any case...
I declare! To split the room in half and hold class like this is unprecedented,
Kurata, you tricked me!
Wow, thanks, Aya-chan!
Is this what it's going to be like every day?
"Thanks for the meal!"
Where?
"The battle continues"
Wow, how cute!
Are you calling the spirit of Japan garbage!?
--It's the boys' fault!
--What did you say!?
Show these girls the spirit of Japan!
How could they!?
What do we do?
After school...
But the girls' view is right on this, isn't it?
I did it! I got the meat sauce!
Mm-hmm.
Principal, look at that! There seems to be an air of seriousness down there!
Zenjiro-san!
What are you talking about, Sana-chan?
Change of plans!
I got him! The girls win one!
Burutcha counter.
Incredible force!
I... I love you... I'm in love with you...
I love you, too! That's why I want you to look even better by wearing a tuxedo!
Hey, now...
--...declare the recommencement
Why did we have to go through all of this?
Fighting is useless, and all for nothing!
"Back against the wall."
When my friends invite me by, suddenly,
he's there,
...for two.
"Shorokutai"? What kind of naming is that? That's just nonsense.
Hayama, who hasn't appeared much lately.
The introductions today are quick.
"Shorokutai 'Youth-six-squad'"
There's Tobita Mayu-chan, right?
What poor sense in naming.
so it's a match-up that would only happen once,
They say they're even going to write a song just for Shorokutai to perform!
--You accept it? --have you already accepted it?
It's okay! Sana-chan will be sure to do it.
Congratulations!
Wow! You mean it!? I can't believe it!
Lucky! Happy! Ka-ching!
Let me just say, we're only talking about within the anime!
This week's Sana-chan!
Mayu-chan, don't let yourself be outdone by the other two.
Everyone else must be waiting for me.
Unless I'm here, they can't start making arrangements, or anything else.
--In that case, I would like Kamura Naozumi-san to be my co-star. --I told you that before, didn't I?
And about this new song for Shorokutai, please allow me to sing the lead vocals.
That's me.
and the parts for the song-
Zenjiro-san's birthday party?
Sounds like they're saying awl sorts of stuff about me.
Of course!
Mm-hmm! I'll invite everyone over!
I will get back to you later with our answer.
What's the matter?
Let's go, Mama! They're going to decide who plays the heroine, right?
Ah, Rei-kun. What's up?
--Let's go. --Nope.
Nope!
I guess I will go, Rei-kun!
When I heard we'd be together on this job, Sana-chan, I couldn't wait.
In plain language, we'd call it yakimochi "jealousy".
An invitation to a birthday party for Zenjiro-san.
Do we make it Sana-chan?
No!
A dog?
Woof! Woof woof woof!
What?
What a sassy girl! Mayu-chan is on a whole other level from her!
The doll?
Wow, how fun!
Um, I'm hoping we do well together on today's drama rehearsal-
Kurata-san is always positively-
Okay, I'll go complain to that producer, Tsu!
the whole time, I've been feverishly continuing my lessons.
Kurata-san?
to a classical performer like yourself,
--I'm terribly sorry to keep bothering you like this! --Over-the-hill cue ball!
How come!?
-- ...hip hop act! 
-- You're the only middle-aged one here! 
-- chaka-poko-rin! 
Mayu-chan...
-- No, no, no, 
-- Maybe you're taking us lightly 
-- to be in love, 
-- Come on, pay attention, 
This.
Yes, I was.
Still, it's pretty, huh?
"Back against the wall."
to always go along with the scenario.
...panic!!
...up to now, just for today,
he's there,
Tsuyoshi-kun's heart wavers. He has a weakness for presents, you know.
There Is a Reason For These Presents
Whether you're awake or asleep,
My beloved Mama is a famous novelist, who has even won the Aoki Laureate Prize.
Hayama Akito, my natural enemy.
who's in 2nd grade.
So you see, this problem is done like this...
Say, Tsuyoshi-kun, shall we do our homework together?
Right! You'll be in their way!
Up until half a year ago, Tsuyoshi-kun was in love-love with you, Sana-chan.
Those two are in love-love, huh?
Well, yeah!
Let's do our homework.
Huh? What's this?
Sana-chan, I can't! It'll just make trouble for me!
Say, Sana-chan, do you think Tsuyoshi-kun is acting a little strange?
I don't know who.
would become fickle over this girl,
The way you say it makes it sound like this is my fault.
that Tsuyoshi-kun falls for any girl who gives him a present?
Thank goodness. Then I'm sure it must be my imagination, huh?
Oh, again!?
Are you done cleaning, Tsuyoshi-kun?
I can't double-dip, after all.
Ah, Sana-chan!
Let's see... perhaps a paid vacation.
--Ah, don't push! Please let me by! --Wah! Sana-chan?
I mean, really.
presents are like a young goil's heart.
Just a minute!
Who's the goil that gave you the present?
I don't know who.
You know, to please give up on Tsuyoshi-kun.
 He loves cute little Aya-chan, 
someone else could give him a present, couldn't they?
Tsuyoshi-kun and Aya-chan were already in love-love, and all.
I trust you, Tsuyoshi-kun.
"Aya-chan, I... I... I..."
--Hayama-san!
...me...
See? This was all a stupid practical joke on their part.
he turned his interest to Aya-chan
Yes?
and I've always thought that you're really great.
Please go out with me.
Aya-chan...
and give them to you as presents, Tsuyoshi-kun.
Sugita will bake him cookies, huh?
Hey, Tsuyoshi...
to always go along with the scenario.
And our usual classroom...
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
My chauffeur, manager, and ex-pimp, Rei-kun.
Although...
No! No! No! No! No! No! No!
"The joy of one's guests should be
Amazing. You'd expect as much from a candidate to be the next head clerk.
Hey, now!
Sure! Thanks for having me!
Excuse my long absence.
"Bow your head!"
What are you so excited about?
But there's no autographed signboard.
Father...
Let's see... Nothing in particular right now...
Really? Still, I can't let my guard down.
Oh, Sagami-san!
Why is the Hayama Family here?
Good afternoon.
Mama and Grandma, you look cool!
What would you say to coming back to Kusatsu and having us all live together?
Thank you.
So then, Zenjiro-sensei-
Even if we take them on, we should watch for a while,
to see what the other side does, right?
Yeah. The Mistress is almost ready to give up.
it will be Kunisada Inn.
Hot, hot!
What's that, there?
Watch out!
Mm-hmm. Listen, Mama, incidentally, has anything unusual been going on here?
I won't allow Kurata Inn to be turned over to you guys!
Oh, my. Well, anyone who looks at you anymore sees a fine head clerk.
Awl right, you!
Misako-san!
back in elementary school.
I dunno...
We'd come even if you told us not to come!
"Back against the wall."
In dire straits,
so BOY, take a look my way!
And our usual classroom...
On Christmas Eve, do you remember what happens?
Right now, he's earnestly on the way to becoming a fine manager.
"Kiss! Fight! Karate and Trumpet"
Say, Shimura-san, could you bake a great big huge cake for Christmas Eve?
Tarantaru. He's the super-famous Hollywood movie director.
No, which is why I'm looking right now.
--Sana-chan! --You're married?
Middle birthday? Whose?
Mm-hmm.
Sana-chan, here you are! You've got to get to makeup!
Okay, see you when we shoot that commercial, okay?
Ah, what would be good? I just don't know.
Middle birthday...
Oh, dear! To be asked such a thing again!
He does have a video deck, but he doesn't seem all that into it.
Hmm, what is this little ornament?
But still-!
What? What? What secret, you two?
Do not look down on the trumpet!
They're done talking!
Huh? They're stopping? What about the three-way battle?
Tarantaru loves Japan's anime and kappamaki sushi rolls!
and how I'm not a Harehore alien,
doing a kissing scene doesn't seem like anything to make such a big fuss over,
Ohh...
Which kiss do you think is worth more?
I've got a whole pile of lives!
I can take a kissing scene or six, and ba-bing, ba-bit...
You two make a lovely couple, just like in anime!
it comes...
Sana-chan, come down!
O- on the cheek, huh?
You didn't make sure to check again, did you?
You know what?
A big idiot.
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
Although I've said nothing but wisecracks...
...up to now, just for today,
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
It's here! The middle birthday that Hayama and I have been waiting for!
something will happen on Christmas Eve. What on earth could it be?
That rumor that I love you
--We'll get the royalties! --Let's put out a book! Let's put out a book!
--Did you hear that, Akito-kun? Kamura Naozumi is coming to the party. --All right! Yay, Sana-chan!
You'll find something when we look in the stores!
Wow, nice!
Akito-kun, could you hold back today?
About ten more seconds, I'll bet.
How could I buy her flowers? I'm not Kamura, you know.
Sana-chan and Kamura are-!
Once she puts out her book, she'll probably become even more famous.
Akito?
Father, what is that?
You've been strange since your first appearance.
I get it.
"The day before the party"
Right now, you are...
You think so?
--My girlfriend will tell me I'm lower than scum. --Dreams... flowers... love... hope...
Now I'll be able to take my girlfriend out and... Yahoo!!
Christmas banzai! Mayumi!
This isn't woiking!
Okay, here's to being doubly happy! Cheers!
I mean, having the middle of Kurata and your birthdays fall on Christmas Eve,
Why not!? Why not!? Why not!?
Hayama...
Hey, what's the matter? Say something.
Oh, I knew it! You have that dinosaur figure in your room, after all!
Sana-chan! This party is turning out to be incredible!
Naozumi-kun?
Mm-hmm. I spend Christmas Eve at Kamura Academy.
Naozumi-kun sure is a nice guy. Much, much nicer than I thought.
--Everyone at Kamura Academy sang a Christmas song for me. --Oh, he's so cool! I love-love him! Ah, bamboo shoots and red ginger!
Come here. I'm nothing to be afraid of.
I wonder if that's all I am to her.
--I... --What's wrong, sir?
Was today my first kiss? My kiss?
As much as I didn't want to be kissed for that commercial,
What's this?
That's what you say about times like these.
I've been waiting for an answer.
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
and part 2, "Sabin-ga-bibin-ga-bonba-bibo," a deluxe 2nd story thrown in as well!
That rumor that I love you
Hey! What are you doing!? The show is starting-
Haya-moth?! That jerk!
Could you stop fluttering around like that? You're dragging me down.
Well, excuse me!
Aya-moth...
The queen went into the jungle without her protective suit!
Here! This is where Maro-chan goes.
Now that all of her subjects are rapidly turning into moths,
if it should happen to the queen, too, it would be an outrage of...
You mean... that?
No, I was just trying it on.
Even Maro-chan, the chipmunk...
Now, even Mama has been snared by these scales...
Then again, this body is nice, too.
Just you watch, Haya-moth! I will defeat you...
--How dare you do that to Mama! --How dare you do that to Aya-chan!
But Sana-chan, aren't you getting dizzy?
We only have 15 minutes today.
How about it?
Freedom is great! And here I am, supposed to be afraid of heights.
When you get good at it, you can even do stuff like this.
You're pretty boneheaded there, Haya-moth.
Shut up, you wrinkled hag.
You have a responsibility to defend its people!
As princess, you know what to do, don't you?
I didn't want to take on this form, either.
Tsuyo-moth...
 It's time for gym, so bring out the vaulting boxes. 
 Stick a second one on top of it, 
"I hate myself. I wish I had never been born."
"He was a bad guy, but you have to feel bad that he's been pera-rimbo-ed, huh?"
--I'm through with this. --Elsewhere, at that same time...
That's right! This is no time to be putting on this sort of screwy anime!
My heart may be settled, but my mind is in a...
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
That's okay, that's okay, next time, we really will continue the story!
You can't ignore it either.
I got kissed! I got kissed! I got kissed!
But this time, I couldn't avoid him, you know?
B- b- bankrupt!?
Oh, dear, in here, too.
That's just a supermarket receipt, so it doesn't have any bearing.
 and the debt came crashing down on my shoulders. 
Ah! Even my Nopia!
Now, now, Rei-kun, calm down. Ultimately, this is all a nightmare.
Well then, might I have a moment?
I would wait for her in front of the statue of Saigo Takamori, in Ueno Park.
If I may, as of right now, this house is the property of the state.
You too.
Shimura-san, we're really grateful for everything.
For what reason? So that we can go on living the way we always have.
Oh, that's my girl. The rain should stop sometime tomorrow, too.
Mm-hmm, that we will, Mama!
Look! That will be the star you reach for, Sana!
Hold it down, you ignorant jerks!
Think a little about how you're disturbing the neighbors!
 Serious fun, with low voices. 
Just like that, the days went by,
Rumors spread quickly, huh?
I- is that true, Sana-chan? Why did that happen? Aah, poor Sana-chan!
I heard.
You seem... up, huh?
Y- yeah.
Hmm, nothing right now.
Say, we should give her something too, shouldn't we?
It's not all that serious.
What are you, dumb?
I know this is sudden, but here's a Sana-chan drawing song.
 First there comes a mountain, and then, 
Let's see... perhaps a paid vacation.
 raindrop with a heart in it, draw the wings, 
Please leave!
Very well.
"It's an apartment, after all!"
mixed with bamboo shoots, rice porridge, and leftover bento.
You're going to eat that?
They did eat it!
Yo.
That commercial has been cancelled, too?
Nope.
Oh, I just forgot something here.
Thank goodness! There's still a little left!
I never even said goodbye.
Tsuyoshi, sounds like she's done.
Huh? Already?
Oh, Mister, you spin real good, huh?
Thank goodness.
Sana-chan sure is strong, huh?
What about school?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
He Got Me Blacklisted
Use those New Year's gifts wisely, now!
I've been waiting for this!
Wow! Bentos! Bentos!
"I humbly accept this meal!"
Why!? Why did that happen!?
What's the matter? Weren't you supposed to be on location in Hawaii starting today?
Put your hand over your heart and think hard.
Please, wait! I need a clearer reason than-
There's something strange going on.
Whenever I ask about the reasons for the cancellations,
Please wait! Tsu-san!
Dreaming Pro?
Tsu-san, you just met with Akudo-san from Dreaming Pro, didn't you!?
At this point, just you watch, I'm going to protect Sana-chan.
Huh? It's empty.
Cheer up, Sana-chan. Something good will happen soon.
Kurata Sana-chan, right?
with tails growing out of their behinds.
Let's draw one more arrow.
and it's Babbit!
You're not a kid... are you?
such as ours.
Really?
Welcome back, Sana.
Um, Sana-chan, about your work...
What are you talking about!? I have so been thinking about you, Rei-kun!
at this point?
Sounds like fun. I'll go with you.
This should be good.
Hmph! If that's how you want it...
I caught you!
Now, for the evil magistrate, Yumezono Matata-ta-ta-ta-ta!
You tell 'im, Sana-chan!
Sana-chan...
That's right!
Bye Bye Bye
Bye Bye Bye
so just keep going unlike this!
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Gojo Takeshi-san, the man who plays my father, is kind of a crazy guy.
You can't ignore it either.
My chauffeur, manager, and ex-pimp, Rei-kun.
Good morning!
How is everyone!? Listen, listen! I got one! I got one!
Sorry, Sana-chan, but we're not at all familiar with any of it.
Oh, class has started.
I love writing compositions.
Let's see... "I...
The thing is...
Sensei, are you okay with this?
-if he wouldn't publish my book. The title is...
Right, President Yumezono?
Just watch.
Look closer!
Oh, I'm moving now!
Would they typically go to bed and not stay up with me?
Oh, Sana-chan!
he's into publishing now!?
I'll make my decision after I see the completed manuscript.
We're raking it in just by being alive.
 my neck is stiff, and my eyes are groggy, 
What karaoke song do you like to sing?
W- was that a ghost? Was that a ghost?
Sometimes irrational things happen in this anime...
Gomi-kun... Hey, hold on, now, Gomi-kun!
What's with him?
Working hard, huh?
Well, keep working at it.
Hurry up and go to work!
What is it!? What is it!? What is it!?
Well done.
A bench, huh?
Ah, I'm so sleepy...
What!? I accompanied you the whole night, because you said you were lonely.
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you sing this song, your worries will go
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
so just keep going unlike this!
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Wow, Sana-chan's first essay!
and the book signings have also been a great success.
Come on, come on, I'll discount it for you! You there, Miss!
"Gnileef dab a tog evi."
Zenjiro-sensei?
You're Sana-chan's classmates, right? Have you read it, too?
We've already read it straight through.
Oh, but I'm not at all worried about it now.
After reading her essay, I know just how Sana-chan felt at the time.
Uh-huh!
Yeah...
Have you even called her?
No, I haven't.
Sana-chan knows that he is quite distraught over it.
M- ilk, you say? Very well.
--Whenever I'm with Take-chan, I feel relaxed. --Doing movies is great.
--It's like my whole body feels all warm. --Tomorrow's location shoot at Yatsugatake
shines at first place on this week's bestseller's list.
Ah, I'm playing hooky from school.
Who is that pushing its button?
Allow me to show you something I haven't done in some time-
Oh, whoops!
Uh-oh, time for work.
The important thing is whether you start up once again, isn't it?
I seem to have found some courage.
Let's see... "Possessing the kindness that envelops others, the ideal...
She's blinded again.
That's great, but not today.
Mami-chan...
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Bye Bye Bye
so resolve when to give up
Tidak apa-apa, Nday kambay kambay
and then later comes the whimpering,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
so resolve when to give up
when the children go home,
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality.
The mysterious white bat straight man, Babbit.
It's so warm...
Aah! What is Gojo-san doing in my bed!?
Now that it's happened, would you mind having me as your mistress, sir?
Sensei, Sana-chan is safe. She fell asleep in the park, and Gojo-san helped her out.
Kurata Sana and a middle-aged actor, huh? Interesting...
There is no style when it comes to eating.
Now, at this point, here's this week's Sana-chan.
You took on the responsibility of staying up all night to write your essay.
but you got an unexcused absence at school,
You're not father and daughter!?
I love that sort of thing. I give you 100 points.
Surprised you?
Okay, our couple with the gossip about them, we're about ready to go!
"Margarine"? Does she mean "My darling"?
you know, fit for the role of the heroine, is that what I'm saying?
Sana-chan, this is your boyfriend, who's 30 years older than you, right?
I'm Gojo. "Takeshi" is written like the word for "warrior,"
This really won't do!
It's not as though I'm going to be in elementary school my whole life.
That's okay. I'll do what I need to by myself.
Why not!? Why not!?
I'd like to go if I could,
If it was that important a function, why did you forget about it?
You just need to listen closely to what your teachers tell you.
What do you mean?
Yeah.
raindrop with a heart in it, draw the wings,
We'll all be going to Jinbo Middle School together, anyhow.
"Oh, is Father Hayama not coming?"
Ah! It's the wrinkled hag!
I cannot go along with her attending Jinbo Middle School!
What?
Our strategy worked, huh?
Thanks to Zenjiro-san.
Gomi-san, please.
You're getting more wrinkles.
Huh? They disappeared!
Now, let's put an end to this absurd joke,
...is because of an issue with the content of the guidance
Your face is cracking, lady.
If he tests for another school, then even if he is rejected,
I don't know.
do you, Hayama-kun?
Thanks to you, Zenjiro-sensei, it looks like I can safely move on to middle school,
When we press our bodies together like this?
Sana-chan, have you heard?
He is, huh?
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
It's all crazy over there,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Bye Bye Bye
Whether you're awake or asleep,
My beloved Mama is a novelist.
Welcome home, Shinichi-san. You can stay home from school starting tomorrow.
He's the same excellent tutor that taught your brother.
There must have been...
What are you trying to tell me, Kurata?
--Mm-hmm. --For you, I would even...
--Urgh!
That's right! If you love him, you should be able to say you love him, huh?
Hayama?
Sorry, sorry.
Shinichi-kun...
What will you do once you test for Kaimei Middle and fail?
Hold it, you!
Akito's been... Akito's been...
so I'm going to ask you directly-
Principal, Hayama-kun has caused some rather humorless mischief before.
The man from the store said that he did it, but Hayama-kun said he didn't do it.
That's ridiculous! Hayama shop-
If you had done something like that...
that you were testing for Kaimei Middle, Gomi,
If saying that I didn't do it doesn't do any good...
...then it's no use.
Are you okay with not being allowed to go to Jinbo Middle?
I have to tell Hayama-san...
Yes, one moment please.
You're going to go to Kaimei Middle, aren't you?
No making cracks right now!
and suggested he sit for that entrance exam.
Five-hour wait.
you won't be able to go to Jinbo Middle, right?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye
It's always the same old nonsense,
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
so just keep going unlike this!
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
it's time to get out of there!
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
You call that a cold!?
Don't be a sissy!
That's right!
Chocolate sellers all over Japan are jammed with girls,
Not in our class.
Kurata's drive-by chocolating.
Good morning!
"Drive-by chocolating has been discontinued"
--Why!?
Don't cry, guys. You know... let's go back one year ago!
It's bettuh that way. Aftuh all, tomorrow, I'll be inundated with chocolate.
True, a lot of them are old ladies.
I'm sure that it isn't true love! You just haven't realized it yet!
She's not here anymore.
We can't seem to reach him.
Ill?
I've heard that for a long time,
Stop sniffling! It's packed with germs!
Work.
Oh well...
The set is in place, right? Scene 38!
Huh? How?
"Oh" nothing!
Or the next station, or the next one, or the next one,
I'd like to go see the ocean at night.
The way I've lived my life has always been like this.
Go on, eat, eat! There's as much as you want!
Even now, I feel the same way about the results of my actor's training.
...is gone now.
...so I've gotten used to it...
Let's draw one more arrow.
Now, let's move on to the body!
Attention all passengers.
What's important is the present! Not to mention the future!
Go on!
All right...
We'll die!
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
Mou man tail
What is it this time?
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, episode 46,
My Aoki award-winning novelist Mama.
Oh, that was fast.
Hayama Akito.
The man who I've announced is my boyfriend, Take-chan!
Come on, step right up and have a look! If I may be so bold as to introduce myself,
Reverse it, and it becomes...
Ah, are you Hisae-chan? I can tell. You're in the essay.
Sana-chan stood you up for your birthday party, right?
The reason why being...
U-turn! U-turn!
Rei-kun, I'm going to work after all!
Surprised you?
I got it yesterday. It's a leftover from a New Year's party. Want to go?
"Sana-chan sure did cheer up all of a sudden."
and zip over there at Shumacher speed!
So just wait there for her, okay? And be sure to come to school tomorrow.
Oh, dear. I didn't know about that,
Having bullied Mami-chan has also become a scar on Akito-kun's heart.
Sana-chan...
Take-chan! Very handsome. That looks good on you.
Oh no, sorry, I came dressed in my normal clothes.
--It's like my whole body feels all warm. --will be my first one in a long time.
You don't seem like your typical self, Sana-chan.
--By combining the royalties from "My Daughter and I" --Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo...
That was a screwball!
my Gekidan Komawari snowplow step!
Would you hold me?
Mm-mm. Today's the day when they tape "Child's Toy,"
I mean, my insides were feeling all tight and stiff, you know?
So, I'm okay now.
There's something crawling around in my nose, too!
Ah! This one is an express ticket!
Take-chan...
When I thought that you had disappeared because of me, Sana-chan, I was so sad...
Mami-chan...
--I'm sorry. --I'm sorry.
Ah! What!?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi,"
and your body will be healthy,
What!? The construction is a week behind?
Oh my, what will I do? Sana-chan is homeless!
Next time on Kodomo no Omocha, episode 47,
That means a ton of royalties have come in, huh Sensei?
and your bitter face and bitter feelings both teeter-totter,
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
The mysterious white bat straight man.
There's something that's gotten me a bit down, you see...
Maybe I'll stay here with you, Take-chan, for the rest of my life.
I think I should go home.
You really are amazing.
Earthquake!!
What are you doing!?
Prickly ash tree!
Oh, could that be, could that be?
That's my Mama! The life of our dreams from royalties, and a masterful advance!
Actually, construction has fallen behind,
It's okay, it's okay. I just have to hold out for a week.
But Rei-kun, isn't it wrong for me to be sharing a hotel room
Say, Take-chan...
I'm kind of homeless right now, and all.
Hold on, Sana-chan!
It would be an imposition, huh? Huh? Huh?
Surprised you?
It's so big...
Ah, today was a full day of work, huh?
You'll excuse me for doing a little peeking in.
Judging from that lame costume of his, I've never seen this guy.
That's not it. Something doesn't fit here...
What's that?
--You think it would be in our interest --It's true, she does have a good eye.
That's not the right ondo!
And so, it's time for our main event, the cookout.
We forgot to break open the kusudama ball.
Sana-chan's cooking is delicious, huh... um... Hayama-kun?
I'll bet she's not doing her homework, either.
All right! Bravo!
She's late, huh?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
It's always the same old nonsense,
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
It's all crazy over there,
it's all "waah!" over here,
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
Mou man tail
Father, You Are My Father
and yet you always shilly-shally,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
It always ends up like this. Always.
I see... So Gojo-san lived here up until thirteen years ago, then?
It's an elevator. I will listen to the rest of what you have to say downstairs.
This house strictly turns away all peddlers, salesmen, and drifters.
Twelve years ago? That means...
Now, get out of here at once, before Sana realizes you're here.
Thinking back to this morning...
Huh? What's the nice offer?
But won't that be asking too much of him?
See? Over there!
It really was you, Take-chan!
Huh? You didn't hear what we were just talking about?
Ups-a-daisy...
Yes! Sing-ken-ken ken-ken!
so he's ruined his health.
S- Sagami...
We have been waiting for a while now.
Yes?
That much is pretty obvious, huh Take-chan?
--Good fortune comes
Aah! A man older than me just called me "Mother"!
--Wow, watching Sana-chan --Zenjiro-sensei, you're too candid.
Lucky me. Okay, I guess I'll take you up on it.
Ah, Take-chan!
As it happens, I heard that he has no other family. As such...
You're right. This is all thanks to you, Sana-chan.
Right? You think so too, right Rei-kun?
So... give it to me straight. How much longer?
Mm-hmm.
The nerve of him!
with what little remaining time the two of them have together.
R- remaining time?
Never mind. That man will not be staying with us long. I can guarantee you that.
Okay, if you say so, Sensei.
R- right now, that's all we can do... That's the only thing we can do.
Well, I was thinking of playing it more spontaneous.
That's because it's a big step up for My Darling!
--Right!
so just keep going unlike this!
so resolve when to give up
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Mou man tail
...I met you...
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Well, you know, the name of the show is "Chaos Theater,"
Let's let the doctors take care of him tonight, and go home.
I wonder if it would be okay if I stayed until Take-chan opens his eyes.
and he'll probably feel lonely if no one is here when he wakes up.
You are the one and only family he has! Ah, what am I thinking!?
I'm okay, just let me be. Anyhow, let's go home.
Take-chan...
The happy times have finally come, after all.
What would they do if they did know!?
I heard that guy fell ill.
We're friends, right?
This was lying over there.
Say, is he going to die?
Ah, that really is great. You startled me last night.
Surprised you?
Oh, right, what happened to "Chaos Theater" on location last night?
Everyone is counting on you, Take-chan.
I mean, you've got the co-starring role in that Golden Drama next, right?
It's going to come true. Really.
"My dad died"!?
"Sana-chan now exploding with anger"
I think I might keep puhforming like this forevuh.
Apologize to him, Sana-chan.
If he pushes himself too hard now,
No... I don't mind... just move the desk...
I went and got the scripts for Gojo-san's new drama.
Rei-kun!
Thank you, Hayama!
Rei-kun went and got them for me. Take-chan, this is a really good part!
There is one thing I have to tell you.
It's not something that should be funny when reversed.
 The day that is today is all for tomorrow, 
Seems like I've seen that guy before...
That's right.
I see.
I'm thinking that this sort of thing does happen.
I'm going to stake my whole life on this drama.
What about "Chaos Theater"? That is your breakout show, right, Gojo-san?
and think about the future.
Kurosaki-san?
...thank you.
Writer!
Take-chan...
Okay!
Okay!
I made it... the last scene...
Bye Bye Bye
Bye Bye Bye
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
Take-chan, isn't this great?
"Spring Comes In an Avalanche of Tears"
and yet you always shilly-shally,
D- Dad?
--I mean, am I right? Sure I am. --Mm-hmm. It must have been a shock for her, all right.
--Nothing else would leave a greater reminder of who you are. --anyway, anyway, anyway-
Mama,
I'm sorry.
You lied to me...
What are you doing? You almost got run over, you know!
Take-chan...
Sana-chan...
Front teeth go boom!
--and Osakan puhformuhs' front teeth that stick out too far are their lives. --Sana-chan, wait up.
Ah! Gonda-san! Be strong!
Gojo Takeshi! That is his name!
--And what's so wrong about us talking bad about him? --Huh? Where is Gonda-san?
It's a Burutcha!
Hey.
Here, Take-chan.
Some kind of wild instinct?
W- was it a girl who looked like this?
Oh, dear! The road has been blocked!
Avalanche!
--What is this, a spectacle anime!?
What about Sana-chan?
This thing fell down over there.
Hey, now, that's dangerous, that's dangerous! You're scaring me!
There's no telling when this thing is going to fall as it is!
I promised him that we'd be together.
You're the one who taught me before, remember?
Earthworms, crickets, water striders...
Are you lonesome, all by yourself?
If you let this life of mine go...
Don't move, don't shout, don't thrash about!
Now, what's going on here!?
You two really seemed close, like father and daughter.
...who knows that you lived a full life, Take-chan...
Okay, okay, let's finish the monument now, okay?
All right, done!
That way looks better. It's more real.
Hey! Don't you mess with me!
--...probably won't change. --Hey, hold it! Get over here, you!
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
and for an American feeling, Texas!
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I'm Kurata Sana, a 6th grader and TV personality
My beloved Mama is a famous novelist, who has even won the Aoki Laureate Prize.
Nobody will know who is saying what, so would you awl mind speaking the truth?
Well, let's start with what it was that got their romance, if you'd call it that, started.
Mm-hmm, I'm sure that was it.
You know what? If you drink some juice, you might feel-
Of course. It must sting, huh?
What's with you? Don't get all worked up over something like this.
Do you have any more?
Sana-chan, amazing!
She can't do anything about her math, no matter what we try.
even if she stays after and crams, or whatever,
but that was cold, huh?
Hayama...
--Where could Akito-kun have gone? Why would he- --Why, Hayama!?
This is lame.
You can't do what you can't do.
Cut this nonsensical crap out.
Let me see that picture!
Come on!
That's right! I just remembered!
I- I've become like the despised teacher in a young adult drama...
How come this is of Limbo Sumire!?
 First there comes a mountain, and then, 
 Here a slope, there a slope, ups-a-daisy, 
 And now we've drawn Sana-chan! 
Akito-kun and Sana-chan's friendship is genuine.
"Eniuneg sti!" What was that?
Aya-chan? Aya-chan?
Really, I'm the one who should be embarrassed!
Hayama-kun...
He's looking for some students. What do you think? Would you like to give it a try?
I'll do it.
Is that so, is that so?
The truth is, Sana-chan prefers grown up men, doesn't she?
Just a minute! Didn't I tell you to out this!?
Hayama...
What are you doing?
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
It's all crazy over there,
and your body will be healthy,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
From today on... I'll remember everything...
and all the new experiences.
I'm gonna be late again!
I hope this will be a very interesting book that reveals nothing
Ok, then I'll just take a picture of your upper half.
Is that so?
So the student makeup is about the same.
That's why I'm here. Do you get it?
How fun, Tomoe-chan!
Tsuyoshi-kun!
- Who's that? - Eh? Gomi-kun?
Gomi-kun?
These who are noticing Sana-chan, they must come from our elementary school.
- Me too! - Me too!
Didn't you know?
This is Fuka, another new friend.
The bad omen from my tea leaves make some people look forward to it too.
The school's policies are honesty, love and courage.
Because this is my mom's alma mater, I came here to study.
You're useless! And you call yourselves middle school students?
Don't try to talk like me!
I don't know why I'm getting angry.
Is it over yet? Can the teacher introduce himself?
Um... Sana-chan, please stop them.
What's wrong with you?!
Next.
Hey, you're Sana-chan's friend, aren't you? I've seen you talk to her.
I'm now in a really complicated mood.
What if you had gotten black listed on the first day of school?
The song she just sang sounded a lot like a lullaby...
- Where is Sana? - In the Nurse's office.
Fuka... hmm... Fuka...
Sana? Why don't I see anybody?
How do you do?
Because of you my life became really screwed up!
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
so resolve when to give up
blur2.667chikyuu ha GYAK-KAITEN
it's time to get out of there!
asking when it was coming out, and all.
Sure.
Have you forgotten that today is the day we're been ordered out!?
Oh, no! I'm going to be tardy! This is bad! This is bad!
But then, it will all work itself out, so it's okay.
Hayama, adios!
Whoo! Gotta go to work! See you later!
No big Konishiki, Mainoumi!
Mama has never even tried to gather material without having fun!
You should spread your own wings once in a while on your own, Rei-kun.
Say, Take-chan...
Sagami-san,
Cut! Okay! That was a good one, Take-san.
Yes, yes! It's because of Sana-chan!
Cutlet-and-curry!
and he wants to talk it up, to let the words fly,
When Sensei gets home, I'm going to have her give her a stern talking-to.
We're in love with each other!
Just what I was worried about. More dirty tricks from Drea-Pro.
Kurosaki-kun, you've got to give them to me if you've got them!
Why don't you?
Then we stick six beans on.
Yes! Gojo here!
Mm-hmm, it's really him.
Oh, Hayama saw Gojo-san!
M- my own fan... fan club...
Take-chan, are you blushing? You're so stiff! Clink-clink!
allow me to take the ondo in proposing a toast. Ondo: take the lead or take the temperature
That was an old hack's gag.
W- we have to eat this?
Sana-chan's sauce is intense...
Sana-chan's cooking is delicious, huh... um... Hayama-kun?
Don't force yourself, Hayama!
Parties sure are fun, but cleaning up after them is a lot of work.
W- where are we?
We got out of that apartment safely, then? Thank goodness!
Well, Akito-kun? Akito-kun, I say...
I see... So Gojo-san lived here up until thirteen years ago, then?
You have, you have... you're so good to us...
As it happens, I have some information I'd like for you to buy from me.
I've discovered that they do in fact have a very interesting relationship.
Okay, I'll come by again some other time.
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi, "
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2.667hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
Because of you...
That's right, it's this face.
Who do you think you're kidding?!
Ah! Akito-kun! Time to go home!
Every time I see his face I get so mad.
Fuka, cool down.
Yeah, that's true.
Pretended it was like saliva touching a bee.
...and who knew Takaishi-kun would move to another city!
That's terrible.
To have had the first kiss already at this age.
Over, over, over!
Back then I had a life plan.
This is too sad, it's all Hayama's fault.
Yunchi's mom and dad kissed yesterday!
So if I do it, you'll give me 10 yen each?
- Aki, where are we going? - Don't worry about it.
- You're the star of it! - Yeah?
Really? Great, great, that's really exciting news.
If you need a ghost from hell to come out, just ask me!
Yeah. Well, it's been decided!
This only happens once in a while! I can do it every half a year!
Wait, let me talk some more before the curtain closes!
Are you talking about the fact that you're still a kiss devil?
I can't hear you. If you've got something to say, can't you say it louder?
drawing on the left, drawing on the right... draw the arrow shaped eye...
I heard you caused a lot of problems when you were in elementary school...
Sensei, sorry!
He doesn't usually say things like this!
- Ok, we can join together! - Yeah, together!
Are you two okay?
What is it?
What do you mean?
I'm sorry, Fuka.
Feels good.
His nose bleeds everywhere.
Press conference! Press conference! Can you hear me?
I'm sorry I'm late!
Asako-san, I didn't know you were going to be in this movie.
Why?
It's probably because I see her every day.
Really?
Please?
Is that okay?
Yes, yes.
Even so, you still didn't have to ignore her like this.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
so resolve when to give up
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
blur2.667datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
blur2.667kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
The mysterious white bat Babbit.
Telling me means Sana has an objection to this.
- But... - But?
Maybe Hayama has comedy potential and she noticed it!
Sana... "My Daughter and I - Part 2" is probably going to be about this.
...and then you'll want to be just like us, Akito-kun.
Is this a kindergarten field trip?
What a big zoo!
Yo...
Oh look, Fuka...
What he said? Geez, strange...
If there were lions just waiting around to pounce, wouldn't that be scary?
Yeah.
It's only the bloody nose classmate... still don't know his name.
Sana-chan, since you're here anyway why not be a guest, too?
Lunch Time!
I heard Sana-chan has a press conference tomorrow.
So...
I have Octopus sausage.
Huh, it's this! This looks really tasty.
Sana-chan, give me an octopus sausage.
Even though Akito-kun has a dumb mouth...
Ishida-kun... does him just talking...
I like you all...
I bought it at the souvenir store. Isn't it cute?
Come over for a sec...
That's what I wanted to ask you...
Wow! It's beautiful!
Yeah...
That's okay... as long as we're not dead...
Didn't know about you two...
At sixes and sevens.
According to the director, Kamura-kun is the main character.
Of course Sana-chan has a memorable part.
Bye Bye Bye
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Bye Bye Bye
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
blur2.667DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Sana is like a different person.
I won't be upstaged by Sana-chan's talent! I'm going to work really hard!
A character possessed by spirits...
Boy... boyfriend?
Almost? Does that mean you see each other occasionally?
I can only win using my acting skills.
I'm putting a lot of energy into this work...
We're going on location in the mountains where there isn't any electricity.
How long will that be?
This is a private school, being held back is not unusual.
Will you be lonely?
Akito-kun...
Sana-chan, how about this?
What is this? Sensei! This...
How can a squirrel know how to write?!
It's useless, Onda-san.
Club activities are starting today.
Rehearsal is starting now! Hurry, hurry!
Akito-kun, you love Sana-chan, don't you?
You should tell her before she leaves.
...and she will be with Naozumi-kun all the time.
I'm so embarrassed!
Didn't I already tell you that night, to clear everything up?!
But... I thought you didn't have karate today.
Must be my imagination. I'm home!
Hey, bushy eye-browed classmate, you're still here? What a dangerous fellow.
Hey, Hayama.
Sorry I kept you waiting.
Did you give me this?
I...
...but now... I love you as a normal girl!
Bingo, you've got the correct answer!
I knew it!
But please don't tell anyone else...
Asako-chan... kiss, kiss.
Actually, that's really Andou-sensei's phone number!
What if Asako-san sees it?
...we won't be able see much of each other...
Not seeing each other... will probably be lonely.
Why do you have scratches on your hand?
We're leaving very early tomorrow.
Hayama.
We haven't talked much recently.
Akito, are you listening? Strange kid!
Excuse me, please stop the bus for a second!
I knew it...
Ok, I'm coming!
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
so just keep going unlike this,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
Does he want us to try to call her?
Sana-chan, you don't have to scream like that, please stop.
Incredible! Incredible!
All right!
We'll do whatever you say.
Director, the reporters are here.
Sana-chan...
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan, don't eat anything that may make you sick.
Ok, ok. Sorry I kept you waiting.
- Eh? Is it time? - Screen test is going to start.
You can't lose to Naozumi-kun no matter what, Sana-chan.
Hurry up, hurry up! Change your clothes.
If you're like this, they are going to think Naozumi-kun is better than you.
The correct answer is, green came from blue, and it's better than blue.
What?
Hiroto, look at Mako.
Is Nakaga-san's mansion here somewhere?
Rei-kun, I can't call Tokyo. I don't like this.
I didn't have too much time myself.
Eh? That means...
parte b
What's the matter, Sana-chan?
At times like this... At times like this, I think I'm despicable.
Yeah! I won, I won.
How did you know I have three moles on my butt?
You told me, but you said you didn't see anything.
Yes! Don't ever tell anyone else.
Oh, don't be embarrassed. It's not like your butt's split into three pieces.
Is Nakaga-san's mansion here somewhere?
Welcome.
Mako has caught Hiroto's heart.
It can't be...
It was real.
and then later comes the whimpering,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
Mou man tail
blur2.667kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2.667kono mama icchee!
I may be a little jumbled,
blur3.556kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur3.556AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
My name is Kurata sana, first year junior high school student.
- The amazing bat, Babbit. - Babi Babi.
The atmosphere is nice, but it's time for a scene change...
Stop making excuses, hurry up and say it...
Are you listening?
I want him to feel how it is...
I've begged you so much, you still won't help me?
No... too much trouble...
What? Fuka-chan's boyfriend?
Tsuyoshi-kun's eating chestnuts tonight?
What?
What is this finger doing? This finger here...
There isn't much to say.
- Where is Takaishi-kun? - Over there...
She's a very quiet girl...
Hey, Fuka brought her boyfriend!
You're Hayama-kun? Nice to meet you.
- Hayama-kun... - doesn't talk much.
I told you to not talk so much...
Where? Where?
So this is Takaishi-kun...
What's going on?
This guy is so...
Staying in this posture is tiring...
Takaishi-kun already has a girlfriend...
Her name's Shizu-chan...
I'm hungry... Let's find a place to rest.
That's also the steak!
So... We ended up here.
Takaishi-kun, so the reason you started avoiding me...
It escaped...
Should I buy it?
During graduation, I asked him to go out with me...
What are you saying?
It's true that I used to like Takaishi-kun...
You don't have to go that far, dummy!
Sana's so dense...
It's a postcard sent by Sana-chan.
Tomorrow we'll work hard too. Good night!
so resolve when to give up
Bye Bye Bye Bye
and then later comes the whimpering,
Bye Bye Bye
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2.667U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2.667KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2.667datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
- Mysterious white bat, Babbit! - Sri-lanka!
What, it's such a beautiful morning to start the day.
Let's put it aside for a... while... Until I have enough confidence.
It's also strange putting it in the refrigerator.
It's quite a task to make a special visit into the mountains.
It's rehearsing here!
- No, not at all. - Is that so?
No, nothing.
Don't do it, Sana-chan! The director said we have to be over 18 years old!
It was getting interesting too!
Um, Rei-kun, Asako's doing the love scene now.
Do you understand child's love? Don't you want to ask her about it?
Yeah, but I think Kawai-san is more nervous than I am.
I know all about it...
Is this all that you mean about Kawai-san acting too hard?
It's only the lovers' gap!
I don't understand him.
Bra?! What's it look like!
Must be the monkey that stole it.
I'll show it to you when I get back! Looking forward to it?
Sana-chan, then we'll have to wait until you're bigger.
For the 2nd scene we need...
Are you my fans? Can't be!
Right... so you did this?
Don't even think of stealing our dream!
These are actually people who believe this book.
Naozumi-kun... these are you fans.
We've already given up.
Don't waste food! If you're good child don't imitate this!
Rei-kun, Rei-kun look closely!
So why?!
I really like Asako...
What's wrong, Sana-chan?
Sana-chan's manager Sagami-san!
Don't be upset that I'm filming all these love scenes.
I have something to tell you.
Who is it? Rei-kun? Who is it?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
It's always the same old nonsense,
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
blur2.667DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
it's time to get out of there!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan! Does it hurt?
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan is hurt.
You should be careful next time.
That's all then, it's 2 AM.
Sana-chan, I want you to do a good job on the movie.
Please, Rei-kun, let me continue acting in the movie like this.
So she shouldn't act in the movie anymore...
Rei-kun, am I heavy?
I'm alright!
Does it hurt really badly?
Maeda-san, please leave Naozumi-kun and me alone for a little while.
For you to be able to think this way... It's unreal.
The wise man says "It is harmful to speak too much, think positive."
I have a strong body!
Sana-chan!
When there's nothing else you can do, just do your best!
How can you just leave me?!
- Sana-chan, ok?! - Ok!
Cut. Ok.
Nao... Those girls came to apologize.
Yup.
Hayama.
- You told her? - Courageous!
Oh that, I saw it... My sister likes that type of news.
Takaishi-kun and Shizu-chan make a really good couple.
And my relief is really thanks to you.
Will you be... my real boyfriend?
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
and your body will be healthy,
and then later comes the whimpering,
Mou man tail
blur2.667datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
blur2.667kono mama icchee!
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2.667kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2.667AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
Will you be my real boyfriend?
We are noisy girls.
Sana-chan, it's time to go.
Ah! It's to Sensei then.
It doesn't hurt that much anymore, it's ok now.
Hmm... just a little longer.
Oh, I see. It hurts a little bit.
Tomorrow you should see the doctor at the foot of the mountains.
I just want to charge forward and get it over with!
Oh, controlled manager.
Let's put some ice on your leg now.
Sometimes I think I want to hear your voice.
This way, this way!
Of course it'll be Sensei.
Right now it's break time.
You said you wanted to tell me something.
Well, they're starting.
Yeah, see you later.
Sana-chan! Sana-chan! What's wrong, Sana-chan?
Great. Sana-chan is so great!
I don't think of you and Kamura-kun as children.
You understand, right?
What's wrong with Sana-chan?! What's going on?
Really?
and I want someone who's tall. Hayama is just as tall as me.
Is that so?
When I realize I like him,
Even now that phrase still supports me,
No!
Sana-chan...
Naozumi-kun...
Naozumi-kun...
and then later comes the whimpering,
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye Bye
blur2.667U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2.667kore mo WACHA de
I always feel Relax,
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Hayama, Akito, who does karate, a passionate lone wolf, my best friend.
How much is 'a bit'? I don't see any chance at all!
Oh, that's right, your must be tired.
Please rest well tonight!
I understand.
How about takoyaki?
Well, no, I didn't think...
Sorry, Rei-kun. I made you worry about me.
Hello! Nice to meet you all. I am Sana's mother.
Onda-san, what's the matter?
It's better now. It doesn't hurt anymore.
Naozumi comforted her, but Sana-chan is still depressed.
I thought Sagami was in love with monkey and so did Hayama-kun and Naozumi-kun.
Yes, you do. Because you are my child.
I'm still in love with him.
But Onda-san has been waiting for them for a long time, right?
Sana-chan!
Mm. But I'll give it a try!
Yes, thank you very much!
Hey, it's a good idea to check up on the contents...
Let's go for a walk.
If you want to leave, I can take you home right way in this.
Don't worry.
I'll tell you something.
Oh, it was nothing, only a bit shaking.
I'll take a picture now.
Good luck with your writing!
Mama, thank you. I'll work hard.
Just this time...
Scene 92. Everyone, be serious and careful in what you're doing.
so resolve when to give up
It's always the same old nonsense,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
and your body will be healthy,
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
Mou man tail
blur2.667KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2.667waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
and for an American feeling, Texas!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
That bizarre bat Babbit!
...I still like Hayama.
Burn! Fire! Burn!
I can't stand up.
It hurts.
It's alright, it's alright.
Go slow...
My acting skills can't help me here.
Eh?
It's the unforgettable Burutcha.
Just stop this, director!
It can stand for five more minutes, thanks to the reinforced hallways.
There's no problem, we've trained with dummies for this...
Don't waste all of Sana-chan's effort!
Sagami-san!
Director!
Camera! Rolling!
Those two are inside,
already engulfed by the flames.
It's alright, if I sing this song then it won't hurt anymore.
Babbit's here trying to put out the fire.
Thank you.
Great!
Naozumi-kun looks like he's in pain...
You two did a good job.
Even though we still don't like you...
have somebody I like.
Ah! Naozumi-kun.
After we get back to Tokyo, I hope I'll see you again.
This is an anime. Don't be surprised.
- Sana-chan is back home. - Something to be remembered.
Can't do anything about summer vacation.
So bored she's talking with that toy...
It's only temporary.
- Hello, Sensei! - Onda!
Yeah, sorry...
How can you act like this?!
Okay.
Hurry up and call him!
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
so resolve when to give up
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
Mou man tail
blur2.667datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may be a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
Maybe I'll stay here with you, Take-chan, for the rest of my life.
I mean, my insides were feeling all tight and stiff, you know?
It's about this Gojo-san that Sana-chan has announced as being her boyfriend.
W- what did you say!?
W- what did he say!?
Proof, you say? All right...
All right, Sana-chan! Stop, already!
Ah, Sana-chan!
Man, maybe it's because I haven't slept in a big room for so long,
Starting today, there'll be a new development on location.
Damn, you're annoying.
Who in the world could she be waiting for?
Good morning!
Huh? First one here? Take-chan hasn't shown up yet?
Mm-hmm, and here I brought a nice offer for Gojo-kun, too.
I was thinking of offering him
Eh!? A co-starring role!?
Huh? Why?
"Elsewhere, at that moment..."
Gojo-san is Sana's father, isn't he?
Oh, this is a problem. Where is my house again?
Shimura-san, make some yummy food for him, okay?
You know, that old man has a lot of nerve!
What?
can win it all at Wimbledon?
Okay, Take-chan, sleep here for tonight.
You're looking tired, so sleep tight, okay?
They're perfectly matched.
and spent the night in front of her door.
I don't have any other family, you see.
Oh-ho-ho, are you hitting on me here?
Okay then...
Ah, Take-chan!
You're right. This is all thanks to you, Sana-chan.
Okay! Next, it's the scene where the eyewitness is attacked,
This guy will be the eyewitness.
You shameless old perv!
I ought to play this right in front of that guy!
What you're feeling is just petty jealousy over having Sana taken from you.
R- remaining time?
What on earth has happened?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
and then later comes the whimpering,
It's all crazy over there,
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
...I met you...
No... not yet...
Not yet! You can't die yet!
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
Marvelous white bat, Babbit.
Long time no see. When did you get back?
As usual, I'm feeling great!
Yo.
I'm going out with Fuka now.
The atmosphere already feels different from before.
Even "Yin Tian Tian Gong" would be impressed!
But I didn't ask you to do this for me.
You owe me 800 yen for the notebooks I bought for you...
OK.
I want them too. Let me copy them.
Fuka-chan is really smart...
He's in Class 1, isn't he? I'm so jealous of Fuka-chan.
Well, you've got to come to the team activity at least once. Can you come today?
Finished.
we became buddies because we're comfortable with each other.
You can't see it in an anime, sorry.
Being a woman is so annoying.
Wh-Wh-What?!
Oh, Fuka calls you that. Maybe it's rubbing off on me.
Not really. We're not together that much.
Why are you getting so mad?
...remember what your mom says...
I've got to stop being so stressed!
I'll make fun of those two, those morons!
A-about this...
I think all men are this simple, right?
What's that supposed to mean?!
After class.
- Strange... - Strange?
...acting in real life... there is no way she can keep it up for long.
Yes, hello?
Is that so... it doesn't matter?
Oh! Sorry, there's something I have to do.
Huh? With Fuka-chan? Are you serious?
Think he's talking about Sana here.
Tell me about it!
...those two look good as a couple.
- Going home already? - I'm hungry.
Tsuyoshi-kun, how did you come to this conclusion?
A lie? How?
But even if it is a lie, how come there are so many articles about it?
Damn, I told him not to tell anyone...
...every effort...
Enough! Mind your own business!
Bye Bye Bye
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
It's always the same old nonsense,
It's all crazy over there,
it's all "waah!" over here,
so resolve when to give up
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
blur2.667KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2.667kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
Matsui Fuka, my Kansai-speaking best friend.
Yeah, only Akito-kun.
What are you going to do?
...they were a couple...
What?
I don't understand why you're so moved?
It's about time, Sana-chan.
Let's go where we should be going.
I already knew you were brainless before today.
What are you talking about?
did you think about missing your handsome teacher Zenjiro at least one hundred times?
You've turned bad.
Make up your mind!
You looked relaxed.
...but that was very annoying...
And it's being broadcast nationwide!
We'll lose our cover.
Please don't move around so much!
At least... he liked you before we left for the location shoot.
That's right!
I'll go with you too...
That's okay, it's alright... so everyone, I gotta go!
Wait! I wanna give you some medicine...
That hurts! Who put that there?
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
and your body will be healthy,
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2.667kono utau taeba nayami mo
Approaching the climax in the first half of this romance
Really?
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Have you ever loved someone?
You said you like me, what a joke!
But why all of a sudden?
I've always loved you!
Yeah, it just slipped out. It's embarassing...
If you're feeling better, hurry up and return to your classrooms!
I was wondering what took you so long so I came here to check on you...
Sorry. Because I thought it didn't matter...
I can't pull myself together...
- I knew it, there's none! - But we rejected those.
- I'll do anything, and I mean it! - We had so many chances, that's too bad.
Sana-chan, there's a lot of them.
Looks like a real bad talk show, doesn't it?
Mama.
Yep. Just some things that needed to be discussed
You won't come to school again?
Yeah, I heard it from Sana-chan before she left.
Hmm... Naozumi-kun looks good in this outfit.
This... This is the best way...
Since then, Sana never came back.
I know it's probably all my fault.
It's what that girl decided. Forget about it.
Hayama!
Aa-chan, I love you, so you have to do your best...
Hi, Hayama.
Did you just have Karate practice? You're working pretty hard.
Of course. It goes without saying, Hayama.
I just want to stay like this forever!
Not at all.
Akito-kun, anything can be settled. Come on, please apologize.
There's nothing we can do about you, Hayama...
Hayama-kun, that's mean!
Babbit knows.
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
blur2.667U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2.667sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
Next time in Child's Toy Kodomo no Omocha, Episode 66...
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2.667yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
My name is Kurata Sana, first year junior high school student.
If we don't see each other...
Bye, bye...
Use the perfume on your face...
I won't work this way.
But... if...
...at that time...
Sana-chan, wake up! Are you all right?
...I heard there's someone you like in school.
I can't take it anymore. I'm in a lot of pain.
Then I start thinking about it all over again.
You're like a kid.
What are you talking about?
Don't ask me if you already know it.
Even though you already have a girlfriend, Akito-kun, you're still too cold.
I'm going with Tsuyoshi-kun tomorrow, want to go together?
You're going...
Aren't we still friends?
I told you, Naozumi, she won't lose to you in acting.
Kurata-san, there's a mail for you! It's airmail!
Sorry to keep everyone waiting.
What I get so far is that it's asking Naozumi to perform...
Water Palace was great.
It's like...
Mama...
I already checked... I called Mr. Hamilton's office in New York.
That's up to you.
Even though it's going to be very challenging work...
This is something an ordinary girl wouldn't be able to dream of...
Kodocha...
Let's run away, Sana-chan.
The contract was signed in Mr. Hamilton's office.
Sana-chan... Sana-chan is going to New York!
Mr. Hamilton is a great Broadway producer.
Everyone was waiting for you to come back to school...
When... when will you be back, Sana?
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
so resolve when to give up
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
blur2.667U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2.667sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
Across the ocean.
"No problem." That's Cantonese.
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
Thank you, you're welcome!
Welcome to America, are you visiting?
The flight from Japan to the JFK airport doesn't have an evening flight.
You could take a taxi but it doesn't look like you will.
These are our bodyguards.
White House isn't in New York.
We already brought them here.
I see.
That's right.
Yeah, I thought I heard that name before.
The guidebook says Michelle Hamilton was a famous Broadway costume designer.
Sana-chan..?
Hayama...
Ahh! Hayama-kun!
You're horrible!
If you have anything you don't understand, ask Mr. Brad here.
This is the kitchen.
Listen carefully.
Starting from here only the servants are allowed to enter.
She's as sweet as you.
Ah, it's nothing.
It's Omuraisu Omelette Rice!
First you draw one mountain...
Here look, 1 Pound equal .454 Kg
Look, Sana-chan! Look, look!
This way, Sana-chan!
Maybe there will be a really mean old man.
Time for pictures, don't move!
Even though he looks really skinny, he's actually very healthy.
I'm really sorry!
Excuse me.
Maeda-san is not in a life threatening condition.
Yes.
That's right.
I'll protect you.
Ahhh! Where is this person?!
Who are you?
I don't like that person.
I'm Kurata Sana, 12 years old in Jinbo Middle School.
- Really? - Really.
Strange things keep happening since yesterday, and now we have a ghost?!
What's wrong with everybody? You look like you've seen a ghost.
I think maybe it's because I swapped my pillows... but it's not that important...
Great! I can still catch the noon flight!
Sorry to keep you waiting, please let me drive you there.
Yeah! It seems that Maeda-san ate something called Manhattan at the airport...
Thank you.
They're right here. Sana Kurata and Naozumi Kamura.
Oh yes... I want to see both of your dance moves. I wonder if you could show them to everyone?
You can't see this anywhere... except in Kodocha!
I'm dancing too!
We're doing the "Draw Sana Song," Prepare crayon and paper!
...then comes the water...
Jump, jump... Hey! Hey! hey!
Ah, Kurata is as mischievous as she looks.
Actually, I'm spouting nonsense! My high school is just nearby.
He's been cutting school for a few months straight now.
You better be careful... you two have been targeted.
Whatever... Germans or Americans? Eh?
Is it over already?
Did they make a fool out of you?
If it has anything to do with work, Michelle can get very hysterical.
I keep having the feeling that we're being spied upon...
...but maybe she's the ghost Sana-chan saw last night.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
It's all crazy over there,
it's all "waah!" over here,
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
Anyway, you won't be able to use this room as it is.
I think you forgot to turn off the shower.
It feels like we can't trust anyone.
It feels like I'm getting angry. I want to find...!
Did she do something?
I've never heard that one...
Even if we start with just a tiny clue...
don't you think, Washington-kun?
A tooth for a tooth. Extreme situations call for extreme methods.
Sicil, you...
Uh, pleased to meet you, too.
- Sona... - Not Sona!
But, but, someone must have done it, that's a fact.
I've been longing to meet Naozumi. I've always been his fan.
Hey, wait! Are you listening to me?
I'm glad, too.
Don't you have an early morning meeting with the stage manager tomorrow?
But Mama, you keep saying that but you were never going to let me meet him.
Then... why?
until Dad comes back, okay?
Brad! Listen, listen!
I met Naozumi!
Naozumi's eyes are blue too, just like mine.
Twin fairies!
Sana, Naozumi.
We ended up running a hundred laps on the roof.
Naozumi-kun! Are you alright?
Odd!
What? The real reason?
One, two, one-two-three-one...
Naozumi, I'll be back.
Or else...
Next time it'll be the real thing.
They'll be gone with their tails between their legs very soon.
They thought these knives were real.
Fly!
The performer has become the fan! What's up with that?
What?
...but you can't replace a lost life...
so resolve when to give up
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
blur2.667sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Let's go back to Japan...
Japanese!
I am Japanese after all!
It's hard to believe that they could have snuck into Hamilton-san's mansion,
and I was thinking about how absurd all of this is.
Still our chance to do it! Doesn't that sound kinda strange?
I told you that we're staying!
Geez... it won't come off.
Mama? I didn't know they were related.
Sicil.
Yes, that's it.
You already recognize me.
Hey, calm down! You think someone is targeting you?
So that's how it is. I wanted to tell you everything I know anyway. Listen, you are...
When the lesson is over I will come pick you up.
Ok.
Each verse begins with words that rhyme with fourfivesix; e.g. four rhymes with "folk"
I'm home.
I hate this guy!
I was thinking about why I was invited to New York.
...once...
Don't draw conclusions so hastily.
It's your fault! It's all your fault!
Gary?
Yes. And if I may ask, you are... ?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Bye Bye Bye
Wai Wai Wai Wai
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2.667kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2.667yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
Michelle.
Yes. Please excuse my rudeness, but you are... ?
It's your doing, isn't it, Brad?
Say it clearly, Brad!
Michelle! Wait.
Naozumi, Sana, I'm sorry, but could you return home before us?
But...
You got that?
It's not 'Ornaments', it's 'Attentions'.
I did it for your sake!
I suddenly came to see you...
Green floral, it's nice.
If you wander into strange places in this town and get lost, you'll have troubles.
Yes... So, room 3025... there it is!
In the garden there are birds.
Ah, Sana-chan, Naozumi-kun, that was fast.
Yeah, it's good. Don't you think so, Naozumi-kun?
So, who's that person?
Everyone, let's have some tea!
Can you do something about this 'tsun tsun'?
A dirty apartment.
Listen...
Something... happened...?
What's happened, Sana-chan?
You've got a big heart!
Ahh... I've got a headache!
Get out!
Is it really only for 1 or 2 months?
Because we only need to state that he's living here with me.
Welcome back, Sana, Naozumi.
Is there something you'd like to eat, Naozumi?
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
and then later comes the whimpering,
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2.667datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
it's time to get out of there!
blur2.667AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
Here you are, some milk. Calm yourself.
Ah. Now that you mention it I read something about that in the papers.
Because she is your mother who gave birth to you.
No!
Me?
What is it?
Michelle. Sicil is staying here. We know the location.
That is...
No, it didn't!
Ah, pickles! Pickles here are different from the Japanese ones, aren't they?
Because they're more spicy.
What's that supposed to be?
Don't worry.
Naozumi! It's Naozumi!
Strange, it should be here.
There is something I would like to show you.
You can play on all these things here!
And Babbit likes it, machaudon!
All right, let's begin this meal right away.
New York's night view is pretty, isn't it?
I went to meet that person.
So that's what I told her.
I see.
Brad!
With all that happened I can finally feel relieved.
That's right. We should do our best tomorrow as well...
The gloomy guy is here...
Give Sicil back and go home to Japan right now!
What?!
You don't have to worry about that, because even if Sicil loves me...
Ah! Naozumi-kun! Wait!
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Bye Bye Bye
blur2.667datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2.667sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
I'm okay, just let me be. Anyhow, let's go home.
Take-chan...
If I don't get him to announce that he is her father now,
Is it that bad?
You're thinking up something nasty to do, huh?
T- there's no way something like that would be written on his chart!
S- Sensei, are you doing a thousand paper cranes, too?
I can't take it, either.
They suspended everything where it was yesterday,
That would be a dream.
This is no dream.
You've got to keep working at everything.
Hang in there until the end, My Darling.
As if I'd desert you! We'll be together the rest of our lives, Take-chan!
Yet it always seems to come down to this punchline, huh?
Squished flat, huh?
Ah! The snake is stomping in with his shoes still on!
You were praising him for getting so much better, weren't you!?
Gojo-san will be burned out for his upcoming Golden Drama, right?
I can well appreciate how you feel, Sana-chan,
Yahoo!
You get a lot of... how shall I say... presence with it.
and forget about "Chaos Theater." Okay, Take-chan?
Huh? That's not very funny.
 Tomorrow is the day after today! 
 The day that is today is all for tomorrow, 
 However far you go, it never ends. 
-- and we'll be together tomorrow, -- and we'll be together tomorrow, 
Ah, you're a fine one to talk!
You mean about the Golden Drama? Word gets around fast.
I see.
Are you planning to make this into an article for after Gojo-san dies?
I'm thinking that this sort of thing does happen.
I'm going to stake my whole life on this drama.
I think she's right. A role this big is a first for me-
For the daughter who loves you, now, at the end?
You're on your way to dying!
...thank you.
You're better?
Writer!
Take-chan...
so I'm feeling great.
Something's wrong if you can re-write it that easily.
Start!
Start!
Okay!
Dad, I'm scared! Stay by Yumi's side always!
I'll be by your side forever, Yumi... forever...
The unseen enemy's searchlights are closing in,
I made it... the last scene...
and your body will be healthy,
Bye Bye Bye
so just keep going unlike this,
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
and yet you always shilly-shally,
Their only daughter, Sicil.
My head, it hurts!
I want to go back, go back to Kamura school in Japan.
Naozumi-kun!
Naozumi?
It really is Naozumi!
Maybe he went back home?
Your behavior is absolutely wrong!
Um... Are you Naozumi's manager?
But when he was leaving the hospital, he got hit by an ambulance so now he's back there again.
Oh, don't worry about him, he's sleeping very well.
I'm so sorry that he has put a stranger to such trouble.
But everything you've done so far is wrong.
- Sicil. - Bernie!
I made some hot soup for you.
It was lucky that I passed by, you were completely soaked!
This woman loves to talk!
...Gary Hamilton?
Who told you this?
At that time he was... very gentle.
What are you saying? I'm his mother, I should be the one thanking you.
He's your father?
That's why I got a fever.
She's still talking like that ...
Of course I won't say anything.
There's a lot of things I must think about.
I'm very sorry.
I tried so hard to see him at the mansion, but he left immediately.
'We don't want you' - that's what their eyes say.
and he's trying to solve them.
Yes, Naozumi-kun hasn't said that he's annoyed with you.
Why? Why does a thing like this happen to my child?
Michelle Hamilton's child isn't allowed to not be able to dance.
I don't want any. I don't want your pity.
Of course I won't... mother.
I'm eating now.
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
you can laugh it away, excuse me, I must be going.
Mou man tail
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
Broadway's dance instructor, Michelle Hamilton.
Their only daughter, Sicil.
Are you Gary Hamilton?
Ah, I'll make some red tea.
I like the current me. I think it's enough.
Can I come in for a while?
Where is Yuko?
Sorry for my interruption.
- Shut up. - Right.
Kurata Sana, 12 years old.
I guess I have to go to rehearsals alone today as well.
Michelle will have to fix me up again.
What?
Donuts, Donuts, let's eat them together, Naozumi-kun!
Mister, you're the guy that approached Naozumi-kun last time, right?
I can't tell you right now! Later! I'm sorry!
Mister, are you alright?
Mister, who are you?
Yes. And not those little performances either.
So what will it be?
No way, how can it be?
It's true.
Yuko only wanted to use Naozumi.
Real mothers don't do that!
Yuko only wants to stand on stage and be praised.
Want to spit at someone but can't do it...
Wait... a minute! As if I'll believe this!
Me?
He wanted to say "Yuko's lover" but didn't have the guts.
Then again, can it...
These kind of things are unpredictable.
No way... it can't be like that.
I've decided to star in a musical.
It's not tea, kid?
The stupid woman I'm in love with.
Pizza pie, pizza pie, pie...
- Congratulations, Yuko. - Thank you.
Really?
Yohoo, yohoo... tasty curry rice.
I am Rei-kun, I am very free. He's actually a very good manager,
The little guy is under your care now.
What do you mean you don't believe it?
But... I promised I wouldn't tell.
Congratulations, mother.
Bye Bye Bye
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi, "
so resolve when to give up
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Mou man tail
blur2.667kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
blur2.667datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
blur2.667oteage kimemasho
Next week on Kodocha number 75, "Tale of a girl's suffering in New York!"
it's time to get out of there!
blur2.667watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
That's part of your plan to win the lead female part.
What's wrong with that?
If you shout this loudly, he'll hear you.
I'm begging you.
This is all you wanted to discuss?
...your friend said she was lonely and left.
I want to always be with Mother.
Therefore, why don't you return to your father's theater?
Starting tomorrow, you'll return to practice. Do you hear me?!
I wish we could keep walking through this forest.
Where did she run off to?
Where did she go?
Hurry up, hurry up and answer, Sana-chan.
Or maybe she already went back home?
What'll we do?
Our only choice is to split up to look for her!
I'm going too!
- Sagami. - Yes.
I don't know either.
When you have a fever, you must rest.
Five. Face is so red.
Sicil!
Sicil! Return to Mama's side!
Don't give up! You have to keep on living!
I'm going to pull you up now.
Sicil. Where's Sicil?
No. It's not Sicil.
If something happens to Sicil...
There seems to be activity at the protection center.
It's true I don't know the reason...
I don't need to know and I don't want to know.
Still haven't?
Can't make out what you're saying anymore, Rei-kun.
Why did you say such things?
blur2.667matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2.667Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
blur2.667Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
blur2.667watashi hitori wo sou aishite
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
Everyone has problems. It's the same in America.
Let's go home. Let's go home.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
How can you say something like that?
My trumpet is in the bedroom, right?
Because of that, he thinks dreaming about it is enough.
Sana-chan.
Sana-chan...
Please don't cry.
...don't let go...
It's strange, but pleasant to have everyone here for breakfast.
Was this such a good idea?
That time...
Sana-chan, is it alright with you?
I gotcha. Shall we go home?
Nyaaa...
That's alright.
Coming to New York...
I'm also glad I met you, Bernie!
In Japanese, you can also say "nana"
Hello, this is the Hamilton residence.
Well, since we're going back to Japan, I was wondering if you could pass on the news.
But I'm glad I was able to hear your voice one last time.
Sicil?
"Naozumi and the others are going home to Japan."
Sana! Naozumi! Rei! See ya later!
Hey, brother! Here, Michelle-san is talking to the composer.
Look, isn't it a shame?
Maeda-san looks like a bodyguard! Oh yeah, we should check in the luggage...
Ah, Gary! You're busy preparing now...
So, thank you for coming today!
Let's go, Naozumi-kun.
I hope it'll be a pleasant ride.
blur2.667matte mou wakaretai no yo
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
Next episode of Kodocha episode 77
Dad it's your fault!
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
blur2.667EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
I am Kurata Sana, Jinbo Junior High School first year student.
That's why today's breakfast shall have a Japanese touch...
Ah... it's the smell of Nato.
I guess you two still have some drive...
Michelle-san has recognized our abilities somewhat now I guess...
Strengthen your legs!
I once loved Yuko... I treated it as love but Yuko didn't think of it that way.
but they didn't really take off.
After this...
I have the power to give you a wonderful sparkling future
Sana...
Sana, why are you here? You seem very angry, why?
Action!
Err...
I've always been wanting to ask you...
Looks like this? Hmm... What language calls it lapa?
That's not true.
That's really good!
Something to tell Sicil?
What? Tell what?
- What did you say? - Calm down.
New York, I'm back again.
Naozumi-kun...
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
and for an American feeling, Texas!
I always feel Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
The friend I trust most in New York, Naozumi-kun.
Sana-chan! You're making rash decisions again.
We'll just leave the rest to you.
Alright, alright, alright.
Stop! Stop!
Absolutely no good.
Absolutely no good?
What are you thinking?
Let go of me, leave me alone!
Why, why can you say "I love you"?
You hurt me so many times and the dream you keep chasing disappeared in a flash.
What a pity, Naozumi.
I'm not going. I'm not about to waste my time.
Yeah, she's really horrible. How can there be someone like that?
You really have no talent.
You idiot!
- Today's finally here. - Yeah.
But you know, at the time I didn't think so many things would happen.
You said you were taking me to the countryside.
Shimura-san!
They hit it off right when they met.
Let's not worry about Sensei.
But there's more luggage.
H-hey! Hey wait! Wait!
Please be careful, you're getting old.
What are you doing?
How are your injuries?
Don't worry, this performance will be a success.
I've just confirmed it.
Sana-chan...
It is your son's performance.
Damn it, I'm her son.
Naozumi-kun.
Haven't we been together this entire time?
Only about me.
Why haven't you said anything since then?
No, I'm not. I'm going to buy some popcorn.
There's nobody here.
Erk, they've started!
This is terrible.
Naozumi was more awesome.
Maeda-san snuck out of the hospital again, geez.
We're going to be on American TV?
blur2.667hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
What's going to happen in the next episode of Kodocha?
it's time to get out of there!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
Hi. Maeda here.
Everyone quiet!
I support you guys, absolutely. You'll get a good night's sleep.
No comment.
You guys are from Japan, right?
I don't care what you say...
Why is she suddenly...
Why did you do this?
Huh?
Are you stupid?
I've seen Naozumi's stage performance.
I've always felt this way.
I want you to continue practicing your performance skills here on Broadway.
You can understand it, right?
Then you'll be the manager of a big star, right?
Sicil, Michelle-san, and Gary-san...
What?! Go home?
I would like to spend everyday here, wonderfully and blissfully,
Misako, see you.
Everyone drink milk together.
Good job.
Yo.
Yo, Brad.
those whom we owe the success of this show, who have the charm and charisma of angels,
What's the matter, Naozumi? Why aren't you smiling?
I'm sorry. I disappointed you.
Yes.
He only viewed you from the angle of his work.
Of course we can.
Bernie, thank you very much.
They're both good kids. So nice.
We've both always thought of you as our real mother.
However, because it's an anime, never mind.
Thank you for your care and support, father.
Hi! How will the next episode of Kodomo no Omocha develop?
If you sing, then you'll be arrested for breaking this weird law.
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
We're starting the explanation.
My band mates Tsuyoshi-kun, Aya-chan, and Hisae-chan.
We still like each other even in this weird episode.
Arrest her! Arrest her!
Now we're reporting on the people who are singing in a nearby small-town park.
Arrest him! You're not allowed to sing!
What?! I was just for a moment!
Oh, yeah.
What? Arrest everyone?
Oh, what a problem! What a pain!
To be tricked by those people and then to let them escape, how can I stand it?
Just watch me.
Mayu-chan and her team returned to the police station.
and I didn't even catch half a person.
Boss, are you even listening to me?
Quiet! Arrest these two people!
If I don't have it, I'm unable to play.
I'm telling you, don't play. No.
You can no longer sing.
However, there really was a trumpet sound just now.
What weird powers does she have?
Yes, but we'll never give in.
that girl named Mayu, why did she protect me?
Why would that person come to this town?
Angel-san? Doesn't she notice the people around her?
Mayu-san, were you singing just now?
Oh, we fell!
Give it back now!
Of course it matters.
You can't step all over someone's true emotions.
He confessed.
I...
I will fight until stupid laws such as the song prohibition law are repealed.
Sorry!
Because knowing that this kind of law won't defeat us,
Everyone! The president wants to announce something.
Please look over there.
Everyone, I'm really sorry I passed such a weird law...
It's been repealed! All of the strange laws have been repealed.
The stage costumes have also been prepared!
Like depart cutting the fingers
It disappeared into the blue sky.
Love you, love you love you but now.
I really lost to them.
This ship disappears in the waves.
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
blur2.667Hold Me, PINCH wo kirinukete hoshii
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
I may be a little jumbled,
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
It's pointless if all of us are Babbit.
How we met, the first time.
most kids come from its own elementary school so the student makeup is about the same.
But about a third of the students will be coming from other schools.
Kansai-ben accent from Osaka...
The person who I met in the bathroom, Fuka!
Kissing between couples is normal.
No, but I could do it.
No way!
So if I do it, you'll give me 10 yen each?
...she wants to take a picture with you,
Eh, why not? What harm is there in one picture?
My heart is on fire!
Mako played Kurata Sana.
You won't be able to see her for two months...
Kurata.
I have something to tell you.
What do you want to tell me?
Hayama! It's me, it's me! Are you doing well?
I never knew I was such a weakling.
Anything... even if you love someone else.
Naozumi...
I'm sorry.
I get turned down.
what am I supposed to do?
Finally, back at school!
Scary growing machine.
As in admire.
You didn't find out the truth from me...
Sorry, everyone. I'm going home now.
I just never said it.
I just can't drop Fuka like that.
Sana!
blur2.667matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2.667Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I always feel Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Huh? I'm Tsuyoshi!
Good morning, Akito-kun.
Fifth period.
That's great, Akito-kun.
This is the second.
Good morning, Aya-chan.
That wild horse Akito-kun
It's better to watch a romantic movie on a date.
A romantic movie is better. Let's go.
Yes, I like chikuwa.
Come pick it up after I call your name.
Please stop adding to my name.
Then... what should I call you?
Well... then... Ha... ya... ma...
Look, it's just a scratch.
Wow, this is great, you got 98.
I'm sorry, I won't ask any more questions.
...el in hi ei san is...
...el in hi ei san is...
TOWA and ICHI, 2 HA's and eye and Mata.
Say that to your father and mother.
My heart is very strong.
Can't you just get along with people like him?
What are you doing, Akito?
Too slow, Tsuyoshi.
That's right.
It's so cheap.
You really want that thing?
Maybe you could get something even better.
This time you stand in front of him.
Are you ready?
What's going on? You have a refreshing attitude recently, Akito.
Oh yeah.
T-That's...
Akito-kun's face is always like this.
Fuka-chan looks so happy.
Akito...
Who cares about him?!
I want to tell you that...
You will have your next test soon.
- Is the rumor about you two dating true? - Naozumi-kun...
blur2.667Gutto tsukihanasu kono me ni
You were startled, and didn't say a word
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
--Nothing else would leave a greater reminder of who you are. --Akito-kun, aren't you concerned?
I'm sorry.
Dumbass!
Where did you go this morning?
Click!
-- Gotta be in wide-open top form, whirring around on Komawari power. 
 Don't give in, fight on, poppy-pop-pop-pop! 
That's right! It was just a bit part, yet they say he risked his life over it!
The strain was too much for him, and he went belly-up!
W- who do you think this gentleman is!?
Ah, you're Kurata-
She ran out of the TV studio, and now she's missing!
"Anas Ataruk!" What was that?
It's too far.
Y- yeah...
I took her to the base of the mountain, but beyond that...
We can't go on any father.
--What is this, a spectacle anime!?
What do we do!?
What about Sana-chan?
What about Akito-kun?
that I should live as much as I can, to make up for someone who died.
As long as we're alive? As long as we're alive, what?
Shut up!
--To explain, they just fell from here to here. --We were worried!
So many... so many other people... saw Take-chan...
I'm okay.
What?
--Hmm, there might indeed be some truth to that. --Bye.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Ah... it's fine, it's fine, it's fine
It's all crazy over there,
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Well then, what happens to Sana-chan next time?
blur2.667AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
Wearing shoes is troublesome.
Sana-chan, look over here about the rumor that you two are dating...
Yes! Yes!
She totally denied it last time.
Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun's play was a big hit in New York.
Really?! Then you can come shopping with me?
That's okay.
Sengoku-sensei will never care about me!
He was always causing trouble.
Teachers won't lie.
but just keep your distance from him.
Where are you going, Fuka?
What's wrong?
staying out this late is very dangerous.
I'm sorry, I just wasn't in a good mood,
Did I scare you?
I had a fight with my parents...
This is rare, it was good thing I called you.
Ah... you two are so close.
Yolole, Yolole, Yolole-hee.
Magazine Class.
When did you start talking like this?
I'm sorry, everyone...
Then let's go visit her.
Eh? Go to Sana-chan's home?
That's a great idea, right?
Is he an old man?
Look at this guy from the winner of best couple.
But it's not true in reality.
Hello! Everyone...
OK, excuse me!
I want to join you too.
We were twin fairies.
- What's the story about? - Was it a love story?
But we can finally start talking with Sana.
Very simple, but...
You're a kid yourself.
But we went through a lot in New York...
blur2.667GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku me wo samashite
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2.667tettai shichau yo
blur2.667hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
Yes!
Sengoku-sensei is the one to blame.
Hayama, this is great.
Sana-chan looks energetic.
Fuka-chan and Hayama-kun, Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun.
Akito, the whole time you weren't happy that we won the best couple prize.
Hayama, do you remember Fuka's house?
How come these are so wrinkled?
Right, then let's invite Tsuyoshi-kun, Aya-chan...
There are only two tickets.
It looks like it is going to rain today.
Do you want some?
There is rice on your face.
About the amusement park tomorrow,
We were planning to invite you two...
Hello. Is this Matsui Fuka's house?
Fuka, are you cold?
Very hot!
Mae-rin!
Super cute!
She's my new manager...
Peace!
Friends?
Never come to this restaurant
cause every dish it has is terrible.
I didn't do anything to make people misunderstand me either.
Matsui Fuka's mother seems worried.
Anyway, don't get provoked by Sengoku-sensei, okay?
I am not going to see Akito for a while.
What do you think you're doing?
- Please praise me a little. - Wonderful.
What are you talking about?
Before you met Sana-chan, didn't you stand more in the spotlight?
Look at yourself closely.
Is it okay to let Sana-chan stand in the spotlight all the time?
This felling is great!
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
If you walk off the road you have to go along
and for an American feeling, Texas!
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2.667AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
The best friend I met in the bathroom, Fuka.
We have a close relationship now.
Same here! Same here!
And ever since I was little I've always been a fan of the author.
Hey, Sana-chan, are you listening? Hello?
I really have some problems.
Sorry, sorry, Fuka-chan.
Just tell Hayama to beat the crap out of the teacher.
Hello, hey, are you listening?
- He's coming. - I'm sorry.
No, of course not!
What are you doing, Akito? Jealous?
That's right, Dad.
The picture of Akito and Fuka-chan together.
One, and Two, and One, and Two, Five...
Good morning.
This look is so nice.
This week's picture of Sana-chan and Riho-chan.
I heard that the script was finished yesterday.
I thought Sana-chan had already received it.
- And Naozumi-kun. - Technically, yes.
Yeah, but only to practice.
Fuka-chan said it's OK with her.
Why?
Escape!
blur2.667hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2.667Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
I always feel Relax,
blur2.667EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
Supposedly. He's now dating Fuka.
I'll tell her that you're worried. Trust me, I will!
The doctor says it takes ten days before the bandage can be taken off.
Don't you two need to take care of some hospitalization procedures?
That person looks like this.
Sana, what about you? Are you alright?
Sorry about that.
Akito really didn't do anything wrong, why did it turn out like this...
If you keep it up, things will get bad.
So quiet...
What should I do?
Oh! This one might be good.
Well, I want to talk to you about scene six.
There's A and MA and KU plus RI for free!
You can think of the chestnut being a freebie.
That devil line is the most important line in the story!
Tendon, udon, oyakodon...
Don't ask at a time like this!
Get out your paper and crayons and let's start Sana-chan's drawing lesson!
Left stroke, right stroke
...then add two of the wooden horses stacked right on top of one another...
This is a portrait of Sana-chan!
Sana-chan, what's happened to you?
but my feelings... in my heart...
come here for a bit.
Naozumi,
Think about it!
What's the most important thing for you and your future?
Ah! I don't know!
There must be a reason why Sana-chan is so troubled!
Troublesome.
But... but Akito-kun...
I can't do anything about it.
Well, all celebrities love to have white teeth!
This week's shocking news is about Kurata Sana-chan.
Heard that she was fired from the soap opera that she was in.
She said, I can't say this line. Then she ran out of the studio.
Will she quit?
Is that it...?
Is that it?
It's me.
Yeah...
blur2.667Hold Me, PINCH wo kirinukete hoshii
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
My name is Kurata Sana, first year Junior High School student.
He's now dating Fuka.
I'll come again.
I brought a bag for my slippers.
Sensei's intentions are in every sentence.
I will never use that willful girl who came back from N.Y. in any of my opus.
This is wrong.
You idiot!
...is pretty influential.
At the time, Sana-chan put all her effort...
and laugh out loud.
Ah, Sana-chan, are you going out?
Yup, I have work to do!
Let's go!
But your dad will be home late today.
Did you hurt yourself?
But I guess I worried for nothing.
People sent me all kinds of food. Would you like some?
- Didn't I tell you to be careful? - Sorry.
Has it been like this since...?
Oh, don't worry. The food here's terrible.
Okay.
So spare us a little mercy.
Yes, and it feels pretty good.
Compared to it, Japan must be boring now.
And you can't help wanting to put up a good show, right?
Isn't this strange?
Time's up. That's it for today.
Enough.
There are lines... you just can't say.
White dolphin!
If you don't know what Kouban is, go check the dictionary.
You should know what he's done.
Let me deal with this, please.
Alright, since you've decided.
Sana's been affected.
Am I making things difficult for you?
Why are you looking at me like that?
You look like a lost spirit.
Ghost is more like it.
It's horrible. Please spare me already.
Alright, bye.
I feel your pain.
Yeah, or you'll be taken for a ride.
No way! I can't believe it.
blur2.667Gutto tsukihanasu kono me ni
blur2.667hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku me wo samashite
blur2.667watashi hitori wo sou aishite
Rather than walking around in circles
And make me the only one you love
and yet you always shilly-shally,
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
Good morning, Rei-kun, Mama!
Uniform, uniform... there.
First and second period is Sengoku-sensei!
You liar.
Ah, this feels good.
If she'll get hurt, I think it's better for her not to go to school.
My child wouldn't get upset so easily.
Ah, Sana-chan...
So Sana-chan is really being stuck up?
Everyone's Kurata Sana is here!
Hey, Sana-chan, is it true that you spat in America?
That's a lie.
Thank you, Tsuyoshi-kun, Aya-chan.
Um, that's well... um...
Bye, Sana-chan! I'll see you later, ok?
Photosynthesis occurs in the plant's chlorophyll.
Oh, it's Tsuyoshi-kun and Aya-chan! Thanks for coming!
It can't be Akito.
Sana! It's you!
Long time no see! You look well!
Seems that you're having a hard time in the celebrity world.
What, no way!
It's alphabet!
I guess America is so much different from here.
The reason why Fuka is like this is Hayama-kun.
Matsui-san, the doctor has something to tell you.
Akito...
Sana... Sana's back at school.
I can't believe it...
And... I'm sorry...
So... that was just an accident?
Yes.
Everyone is alright alright, don't you agree?
- Excuse us. - Fuka!
I don't want to see anyone right now.
In this case, it's the nose, the nose.
If you keep on saying that, then the matter will only get worse.
blur2.667Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
The mysterious white bat, Babbit.
Hayama was suspended.
Oh I see, I see, I wasn't paying attention!
This one is sweating. This one is having no problem.
What's up with Hayama?
Damn! Whose fault does she think it is?
Oh? So Naozumi-kun said that he'll love you forever,
We're having such a painful time!
Why, why?
What's that?
Only one year really went by?
Mom said that cake should be from the Africa Maemae Cafe in front of station.
I agree!
Ok.
Don't borrow it.
Well, she does do weird things for no apparent reason.
Yes, and I will try hard to do my best.
By the way, the last drama that I did will be premiering today.
Naozumi's so cool!
So this is the singing and dancing reindeer set.
Everyone is having a merry Christmas, but I'm having a lonely Christmas.
I have to go back home and watch the drama!
You know... 'Little Love',
Santa-san...
Watch today's drama, and you'll understand.
You don't want to hear Dad's song, do you, Akito?
That's not it.
Kamura Naozumi.
...would have completely hurt Hayama-kun.
This year I didn't do anything for her.
Nothing... for her.
Ah? Could it be a date?
But weren't you guys gazing at each other?
So that's what you get!
It's your turn, Mama.
You can't see what's in front of you
Because I wanna try crying with you
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
I made this myself. It's for Akito.
Mama doesn't like violence.
Like when you want to eat ramen with pepper, and don't have pepper, it doesn't matter, right?
Where the hell can you find 'motherly oven'?
This is not good. You should have installed 'motherly oven'.
- That Tokyo tower... - Did you hear me?
You're from Tokyo, can you just ignore the danger Tokyo is facing now?
The goldfish that know how to smile look like this.
Attack the other person's weakness.
Listen, robot.
Sana, that's cheap!
Ahhh, I'm losing her, I guess the hostage strategy is not working.
- Looks like Sana didn't get her. - And she hasn't wound.
Scientist, maybe Hayama-kun's love moved her.
They are warmhearted, but it's only oil.
Don't disturb them.
Akito...
Maybe it's payback time.
Ok, let's go, skunk.
It's pretty easy to take the train to get there.
This place is huge.
How much is the rent?
when I was still human, I was very handsome.
You haven't repented at all, I will never help you.
Jerk!
You are a yellow-dog.
I don't want to! I don't want to kiss a toilet seat.
Just a kiss, you won't lose a piece of meat.
Right.
Oh well, just forget these people.
blur2.667anata to naite mitai kara
blur2.667Hold Me, PINCH wo kirinukete hoshii
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2.667watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Aoki-award winning writer, Mama and the squirrel, Maro-chan.
Asako...
Sana? Have you made your wish yet?
Why is it Daifuku?
It will be very embarrassing.
Japanese actors and actresses are all over Hawaii for New Year's.
What are you talking about?
Sana-chan and Sana-chan's Mom. Happy New Year.
It's no use just waiting outside anyway...
It would be embarrassing to see each other.
New Year.
London, London, London!
FC... FC... FC...
F.C. this way. F.C. street.
Saluki's barking, and sounds like Ka-kong.
Did you send this record mail?
So I have a fan club too?
I am really sorry.
this really is troublesome.
So, now is just a resting period, right?
Rei-kun!
Please work hard on it.
Soon there will be tons of letters coming.
That's right. That's the Sana-chan they like.
Then, at the wrap up party for the show I learned the truth.
It's Naozumi-kun!
The main point is, you remembered me.
Really? Is that so?
There'll be a script. You just need to act like you do in a TV drama.
I walked by a mochi store before I came here.
Catch!
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
Because I wanna try crying with you
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2.667funya funya de iruto
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
My best friend who I met in the bathroom, Fuka.
Babbit started learning the ukulele too. Let's start with C...
Could it possibly be Akito told her his feelings?
Why the dad?
So bye bye!
...is the Studio?!
I understand, I'll try my best.
Sana-chan.
Oh, I see, this is easy easy.
Oh, I see! This is easy easy!
- Is it? - Really?
Math Teacher is... like this.
Nanda-chan is... like this.
She read that as that,
The sun is going down soon.
What is this job?
Oh, I don't get it, it's all gibberish.
It's all gibberish.
Anyway, it's not about if Sana-chan understands or not.
Yes, Sana-chan, let's just do it.
Ah, where is Chitose-kun?
You could do that!
So you're only thinking about yourself.
And I also like working a lot.
When you have a problem, you have a friend you can depend on, right?
Yeah, Mama's right.
So Sana, if you choose that, can you hurry and shut the window?
Ah, Onda-san.
Oh sorry.
Well, leave it to you!
And I was back in the pit again.
If that coat in the supermarket has a bargain and got cheaper...
Oh! I see! Easy easy!
If you trip then you have to just wake up again.
but if the reviews are not good...
I'm afraid the work will be weird with Sana-chan's opinions added in.
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
Rather than walking around in circles
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
How come?
So you do your best, too! See ya!
"Chicken-and-Egg Dum-Dum, Too Yucky to Eat"
You must know something about it, Tsuyoshi-kun, right?
Akito-kun really believed himself to be the devil up until about the second grade.
Hayama, the devil! The devil's boy!
So, Sana-chan, you should understand that. Akito-kun isn't...
I'm going to do my best in this drama!
"Don't "huh?" us."
That's right, Onda-san.
Mama, you stick to it, as well!
I'm sorry I couldn't be here for the meeting.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
What are you tawlking about?
Sana-chan, right?
Wow, what an openhearted person! That's terrific!
Yes...
but Sana-chan was adamant about showing it to everyone in Akito-kun's family.
I'm getting angry!
A birthday... present...? For me?
Care to use some of my tissue?
Hi! Kurata Sana, age 11. I'm with Gekidan Komawari.
His classmate, Kurata Sana.
Like daughter, like father!
All right!
but in reality, you're still hung up about it."
he's been disappearing all of a sudden. He's acting very strange today.
Uh, did you need something with Rei-kun?
There isn't anything I need, exactly...
If you like, I can call him on my Burutcha.
And Sana-chan, too, could you please report to makeup?
My teacher asked me about it again today.
If I was in a family where I was raised, being called "devil, devil,"
and used up all of the techniques I learned at Komawari.
 The family will get along! 
At this rate I'm going to lose to the Hayama family without a fight...
After everything I said! Why!? Why!? Why!? Why!?
How am I supposed to go along with this?
Do as your mother tells you!
Mama,
Mika...
I love you, A-chan, and that's why I tried so hard to have you.
Stop... Let me go...
Mr. Hayama?
"Back against the wall."
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Sana-chan, stay a little girl!
R- right! Her relationship with Hayama-kun.
Nobody will know who is saying what, so would you awl mind speaking the truth?
It would have to be that one thing.
so I just thought I could help you to not feel so bad...
Ow, it's in my eyes.
Oh, what should I do?
Hayama, how about we go wash your face?
You've got a 20-year-old boyfriend,
Are you sure you're not thinking of something terribly wrong?
That's right! Hayama-kun is the problem, and Sana-chan is the victim!
Still, the facts are facts!
We're all going to middle school together. Let's hang together!
Nothing much.
W- what!? But you gave all the photos back, didn't you!?
There was one still left in my desk.
Unless you want it to get out,
--Where could Akito-kun have gone? Why would he- --Why, Hayama!?
This is lame.
I don't even have it!
I guess I don't have much choice. So, what is it?
You've got some snot coming out.
--Sensei!
Thank you, Andoh-sensei!
Don't tell me you used the make-out picture for my sake!
Awl right, it's ovuh!
 First there comes a mountain, and then, 
 water comes splashing down from it. 
 The letter "ku," the letter "ku," the letter "ku," hey! 
 Then we stick six beans on. 
Now what!?
I refuse to acknowledge those two's relationship over just this!
Aren't you the slow one?
I've had enough of this, myself.
Oh my, Boy A...
Even I, once called the divine Big Brothuh Z, am really about to snap.
Awl right. I am well aware that you guys are in love-love.
Nevuh mind that, the issue here is Sana-chan and Hayama.
Ease your body into it,
Coverage of Kurata Misako-san's essay had been growing ever more aggressive,
--held by Kamura Naozumi-kun a little past 9 o'clock last night. --Kamura?
They're silly.
So, Mayu-chan and Tomomi-chan aren't coming after all?
I'm a pro!
Before you do, there's a telephone call for you.
For me?
Mm-hmm. I spend Christmas Eve at Kamura Academy.
W- what?
-- and love for everyone 
-- Tonight we wish you 
Boy B, you've got a one-pace lead, huh?
--the two of us will always be together.
--Aya-chan...
--Unduh the coicumstances, I can look past some things. They can even be a bit olduh.
that and the other!?
Her punch gets passing marks, though.
--Look! Look! Look! --Mine came, too.
but starting next time, everyone-
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
Bye Bye Bye Bye
There's gonna be popping eyebrows and bloody noses, too!
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2.667gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2.667SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2.667WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
Anyway, it's definitely not my writing.
Actually, I really like you a lot.
But today I'm talking about something else.
Fax?
Please survive.
Who is it?
Hiroshi... Uchiyamada...?
I wanted to thank you for the huge bouquet.
Oh, it's starting. Bye, Sana-chan!
There's really a fake one!
You are the real one, right?
When's it going to be out? I'll definitely buy it.
Um... okay.
I'm not sure...
If you're the real Sana then get a grip.
We went overtime. They shut off the heat, and there's nothing to eat.
I'm me and that's all that matters.
Thanks, Rei-kun.
How do I say this?
I'm talking about the outfit for that concert.
Hey, Sana-chan.
You should take a bath and get some sleep soon.
The fake.
What theory it is?
My daughter's concert. As a mother, I must go there.
Sensei, please hurry.
So you're saying that that was Onda-san's impostor?
- But should you go alone? - You'll go with me!
- Over there. - Looks suspicious.
You guys?
Wow, she recovered quickly.
This is hard to take in.
You're right.
I'm Kurata Sana. 12 years old.
...and you are trying to be me?!
But... last time we saw you working for a low budget video series...
There's someone here to see you, Mizoguchi-san.
White dolphin.
Are you surpised? We have the same name.
It's really from a little girl with the same name.
Those videos really motivated me to work harder.
blur2.667watashi hitori wo sou aishite
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
I may be a little jumbled,
Looks like you're in a pretty good mood, did you get a love letter?
Tadah, look at the video I bought.
When are you going to start being absent? We can help you copy notes.
Please help out Kurata Sana's case.
Around the neighborhood?
Today I'm on cleaning duty, it took me some time to get to it but...
What?
Why are you feeling so gloomy?
I am an official worker.
Everyone, we're going to be late. Hurry up.
So, let's start our lesson.
Hey, it was hard to memorize this line.
So this is why.
Work harder, you have another hour, then today's work is all done.
I really can't. I quit.
Being stepped on by those old ladies can't be good for anyone.
Separated we're weak, but together, nothing will scare us.
- Let's cheer each other on. - Yes.
That's ok, don't worry about not having a job.
Let's talk another time.
They also said since they're TV people, they hope to work with a handsome man.
I am over.
- Zenjiro-sensei! - Zenjiro-san!
Sana's non-seductive seduction as an attack plan.
We only have the path of death if you don't help us.
Proposal?
Sana? Please wait a second.
Add some more, we need more impact...
You need to impress people.
So you came to help me?
Isn't proposal spelled incorrectly?
I finished.
Excellent, excellent.
I am also burning with the will to fight.
Quick, quick, we need to run.
I will not give up!
Don't stop all of a sudden.
Stop!
Sagami Cycle!
Waa, please stop.
So annoying.
- Yes, there are. - For example!
She is Kurata Sana.
Yeah, she's the little girl in the video.
You were startled, and didn't say a word
If you walk off the road you have to go along
Rather than walking around in circles
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
and for an American feeling, Texas!
blur2.667EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
It's been a while but how come I haven't received any news?!
Should I... give him a call?
luckily, it's on a school holiday, see...
Hey, Takaishi!
- Nothing? - Hey...
Oh, that? Don't worry.
And both of them were drawn!
The Valentine Event would be an excellent chance for people who have no love.
Don't worry about me, I'm not that hung up about the past.
To wipe away the past, I'll go happily!
Akito-kun, are you going to the Valentine Event?
Th... that's right, your advancement test is coming up.
But I think it's natural.
I still... can't.
Yeah, my mom said you called earlier.
Really, really?
Takaishi-kun and Shizu-chan...
Broke up...
It's alright.
Bring camera to here.
Hey! Is everyone having fun?
Wow, there's a lot of people!
Yeah, just as I thought, there's a lot of girls, and guys!
Takaishi-kun and Shizu-chan are probably here, too.
Gymnastics...
My club has very strict rules, so, I'm sorry about today.
We waited for an hour to get only one customer.
There seems to be an event going on near here.
She left all of a sudden.
I'm sorry, we already have other plans.
Would you like to go to the 'Love Love Fight' Cam with us?
This is for you.
Like pizza, sushi, and etc...
It's none of your business!
Fuka-chan's ex-boyfriend is having some misunderstanding with Hayama.
'The Always Willing Trouble Helpers' are here!
Sana, you look like you're going to a costume party.
Fuka.
This might be good chance!
- Even I started dancing! - It is pretty gorgeous!
For me... only you...
blur2.667Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
And make me the only one you love
and for an American feeling, Texas!
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
My heart... belongs to you alone.
If you miss any schoolwork we would all do our best to help you.
But whatever you missed before, I'll help learn it.
I thank you for your help.
It seems she doesn't like it when I talk about Takaishi-kun.
Yeah, there might be a good show for you to act in.
No, we can't believe you're leaving, Asako-chan.
Fame is like that, an actor could lose it all if she were absent for 3 months.
I'm waiting for an urgent call. Call me tonight.
Yes, what is it?
Yes, I'm Sagami, I've been waiting for your call for a long time, sir!
You're not going to be just a guest star, but the sidekick to the show host!
The original sidekick is going to be married, that's why.
This is very normal. They do this to introduce popular authors to the world.
Ready?
Oh, ok, I will find you tomorrow then.
What are you talking about?
It's a little childish, but we could use it over there.
What?
Really? Thank you! I know I can rely on Asako!
I know how it is now! Leave! Leave!
Sagami-san, doesn't this look better?
Sorry, I need to go buy some cigarettes.
If I turn back now, I can still be on time for the photo shoot.
They should be more important to me.
This is more like it for an interview.
No problem, wse all know very well...
No one is really related by blood in our family
our love for each other is stronger than most.
Rei...
Yes.
What the heck is Rei-kun doing?
If he's not here, then today's interview will have lost its meaning.
Here we interrupt with surprising news...
Even if we repeat our past mistakes it doesn't mater?
Rei-kun, he's finally said it!
Alright.
blur2.667matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2.667odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2.667hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2.667Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
blur2.667Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
Rather than walking around in circles
Because I wanna try crying with you
I always feel Relax,
You have this? Yeah.
You are that...
Like a punk.
- Everything above is purely fictional. - Fictional?
Misako, lend me some money?
It has been so long.
But the sad thing is he hasn't changed at all.
Then I should go and prepare a little.
- You lent him money? - Yep.
So I lent it to him.
Then let's follow them for real...
Shut up! Get lost!
Yeah, I've tried talking to him many times...
Oh, nothing like that, madam...
So beautiful...
parte b
Isn't it, isn't it, isn't it alright too?
Zenjiro-san hasn't noticed, so let's get on with the show.
While this is going on, we'll take Makoto-kun out in a flash.
- A TV variety show interview? - Eh?!
- Let's go get their signatures! - Kurata Sana...?
Uh-oh, there's a banana peel on the floor.
Ahhh! Why would there be banana peels on the floor?
I hear from Uncle that Kurata Sana is like his daughter.
- Oh? Really? - Do I look like Shinohara?
He's a nice person, has a good personality and isn't very sly.
I'm going in.
I beg you.
What the hell?!
To make things clear, the guys you are talking about is your mother's...
- What's this? - Tell us what's happening, uncle.
Makoto-kun, I'll ask you again.
Looks like it.
I thought mom was useless to fall in love so easily and so often.
She is very worried!
ouch me, I'll pin you down with this pinch
Take me, I want you to get through this pinch
blur2.667yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2.667WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
- Mm, yeah. - See?
Well, see you later!
I even prepared the rice crackers.
Natsumi... is acting a little different than usual...
Sana-chan, hold on! Okay, huddle up!
Hayama's sister.
- They look good together. - Do you know those people, Sana-chan?
My best friend's elder sister.
You're too noisy!
Dad, you're at home?
Oh, welcome home, Natsumi.
Ah... Probably jogging somewhere around here.
He'll come back for dinner, right?
Hayama, I was waiting for you, lovely boy!
What's up. All of a sudden?
Is that so?
I'm sorry you have to help me clean up.
Then, Sana-chan, what do you think about Nishikawa-san?
- I understand. - Dad's office.
Oh, when I have free time? I usually go shopping.
Isn't that...
Or maybe that's his younger sister?
You said the whole thing a while ago.
parte b
Akito, you're home!
That's okay... but your brother...
He went home all because of you!
What's wrong, Hayama?
I've been suspended before!
Really?
Goodbye.
Sis is on a date in Harajuku.
- Thank you. - Actually, there was nothing.
First remove the table.
Show your true self!
Hey you two! What do you think you are doing with my darling? Eh?
Mm, I'm hungry too.
If you walk off the road you have to go along
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
blur2.667BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Uh-huh, you would have thought yesterday's episode was funny, too.
...used violence towards a student from another school...
Hayama, you'd better stop underestimating your teacher.
It's a different story for a student who keeps on having problems.
"I did not hit him"?
is it to make weak people obedient to you?
I can't trust that!
Hayama...
That man, he really wants me to get expelled.
there no limit to it.
Well. I'll never be convinced though.
Sengoku-sensei, he's aiming for your karate.
Akito's heart has never open to others.
Yeah, I know.
You're the one who's saying the stupid stuff.
How could I start the Karate Club?
...but my hands are full with the Swim Team and the Astronomy Club...
So I have to gather 5 people?
Well, I got an idea...
So that's useless... then we'll use the sex appeal strategy.
Let's make tea.
Nowadays children are so knowing about fashion.
I don't understand that.
You're stuttering, bloody nose.
Hey, count me and there's only three people?
Yeah, because I got this.
Oh oh, sorry.
just stand it before we have our league's formal classroom.
Located in the center of the Shiga prefecture,
Length 68 Km and the widest 22 Km, being Japan's biggest lake...
The teacher against, is it Sengoku-sensei?
Excuse me...
So let's not waste time and do some stretching.
Um... Sana-chan.
What?! Going out with Sana-chan!
Physical test...
No, it's fine.
What we need is the power to control them.
and it's really boring.
Today thank you for being here for Sana while you guys are busy.
Dinner is ready.
Cheers!
blur2.667odoroite anata wa damatta ne
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
blur2.667yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
- Yeah, the Karate Club. - Karate Club?
I have to take back today's part. The karate club is so hard-working,
Don't worry about it. You're not fit for karate.
Bye!
Sorry about yesterday.
Yes, I'll look for it, but my name isn't nosebleed.
Yeah, he was absent yesterday,
He's really quit?
Eh, is that so?!
He was such a precious member who wanted to do it from his own will...
- Two more. - Yes!
He's not there. He already went to school.
What about asking Nakao-kun again? Let's do it.
Um... it's embarrassing when we realized that Shouta wasn't home,
So before then Nakao-kun wasn't home?
His health is not so strong. So he made up a goal that he would never be absent.
- Did you just say Karate? - Eh? Yeah...
Hayama-kun?
But that has nothing to do with Nakao-kun.
Hayama must have pulled him in without his consent.
Hayama, where is Nakao-kun?
Ah, Sengoku-sensei...
Are you saying that with a definite reason?
But I never knew that the training would be so hard.
And finally I had to stay home from school.
Don't mind me.
What a naivety guy!
What is it in that letter?
If you read this letter, then everything is out in the open.
If some big thing happens, then there's no way to apologize.
- Mrs. Nakao, please call the police. - Yes.
blur2.667watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
He...
Are you there, Sengoku?!
Nakao Shouta did not come home since yesterday.
It's hard...
Although it will hurt your heart, the case is very bad.
Except from them,
Ah... my mother is diagnosed with an incurable disease, so I have to nurse...
This is true.
They have much reason. Because of my heart, I must quit the karate club.
If you get involved with me then nothing good will happen to you.
If humans are living than they can think a lot of things!
You made Nakao think he had no reason to keep on living.
Let's think about the missing chalkboard erasers.
I'll get the keys!
Nakao!
The nail is about to pierce your head!
What are you saying?
So what do you say...
I'm sorry...
What? Are you saying that from the heart?
- Yeah. - No, it's not.
Hmm... Yes.
Me?
I don't want to leave.
Kurata! Leave it!
- Why?! - Because you sound too rowdy.
You don't understand.
And because of that, I run away from my school life.
Don't confuse me.
Where did brother go?
What does that mean?
Sana-chan's manager came to pick her up now!
Kurata! Nakao!
Sana-chan left her bag in the class room so...
Sana-chan disappeared, what is all this about?!
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku me wo samashite
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
blur2.667watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
- It won't open! - Sensei, do you have the key?
We're here!
We're saved...
Sana! Cheer up!
Akito-kun, you're bleeding!
I thought it was right so I did it... starting a karate club but...
Akito...
I see.
I'm really sorry.
And now it has come to this present state. I didn't have the power to stop it.
It's not your fault, Sensei.
He will definitely be pushed into that state.
Mr. Hayama, right?
I assume Akito was concerned about Nakao-kun's health.
Hayama Akito's expelling will have result soon, this time you must be prepared.
Yeah.
I see.
I...
That night was long.
I want to do it with Hayama-kun!
Me too, I'm just like you.
Nakao Shouta-kun who had disappeared from 2 days ago,
Come here for a minute.
I was thinking of the Karate Club and going to the same high school as Hayama.
When you questioned if I was in your class I thought that I was not a living being.
That letter was shoved in between a book of Sengoku-sensei.
Go back to your classroom! This isn't a place for kids to talk!
always think about adults in our mind.
We can't choose adults.
They have the time and power to make up for it.
Oh yeah! For your black belt!
I have something to tell you.
I won't have mixed feelings, Hayama.
blur2.667hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2.667Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
blur2.667Deeper Deeper hayaku honki ni natte
Rather than walking around in circles
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
And make me the only one you love
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
It's not going to be like before.
From today on... I'll remember everything...
Sana-chan! What are you doing, why are you so slow?!
She only cares about her hairstyle but doesn't realize
This time let's do a full body shot.
Ok, then I'll just take a picture of your upper half.
Your answer is correct! Congratulations!
But the TV station asked me to come, and the producers told 'me' to come.
And so I'm here!
Shinohara, let's sing!
I feel a little scared... A little scared...
I don't know how middle school life will be... How will it be?
Tsuyoshi-kun!
Ugly.
Gomi-kun?
What happened?
I don't wanna explain it again.
Hey, what class are you in?
Aw, I'm in class 8, really far from you.
And the gang from sixth grade class 3. What changes will happen to them?
I cut my bangs too short this morning.
My name is Kurata Sana, did you know?
Not only faces and bodies look alike, all my old classmates of Osaka said that.
It's right there! Right there.
To all the new students, welcome to Jinbo Middle School!
Excuse me, please find the differences between the two. I'll give you 15 seconds.
- I'm finished. - Wait, principal! That was so short!
That girl is so scary with that accent.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, you suddenly changed the topic?
It doesn't suit you.
I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming!
He isn't afraid to fight Hayama?
Oh yeah!
Hurry up and stop fighting. You can't fight on the first day of school!
What are you doing?
Hey you!
He hasn't quite gotten used to Sana's attack.
- His nose is bleeding so much! - His eyebrows are so thick!
Take him to the nurse's station.
Why did you fight with him, eh?
You still haven't taken your foot away, how do you expect Hayama to answer?
Next.
Hey, you're Sana-chan's friend, aren't you? I've seen you talk to her.
And then out of nowhere he started getting angry.
What?
A nap at noon is a very relaxing thing. Especially for a housewife.
Not really.
I really want to tell you her name but I want you to guess.
...and her face is just like mine.
Her first name is Fuka and last name is Matsui.
First day of school, what's happening to me?
He's my enemy too.
so resolve when to give up
It's always the same old nonsense,
and the whole earth is spinning the wrong way.
so just keep going unlike this,
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2egipito kidori de sufinkusu
I remember now.
Step aside.
Hey Aki, listen, listen!
No, but I could do it.
...I played slippery monster ball three times...
Really? Great, great, that's really exciting news.
Wow... really?
This only happens once in a while! I can do it every half a year!
What happened in kindergarten and last year... it's not the same.
Hey, bra-less!
and then another arrow for the other eye...
He doesn't usually say things like this!
Hayama, you brat!
I hoped you'd keep the peace...
Well, what do you want me to do about it?
Listen, Hayama Aki!
That's right! That's what you should do!
Eh? What for?
His nose bleeds everywhere.
- Hurry up! - Run faster! What'll we do?
If it's not ready, we'll ad-lib!
I gotcha! I gotcha!
Once I talked to him, I realized he was still like him.
Eh? Eh?
...I thought he had become nicer to me.
You should answer when someone asks you something!
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
It's always the same old nonsense,
and then later comes the whimpering,
so just keep going unlike this,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
Keep your eyes on me, okay!?
Ice Cream.
Oh, right here...
What's so interesting about Caterpillar Hayama? I don't get it.
What are you talking about?
Sorry, Akito-kun.
Hey, Akito-kun...
Later.
I will be alone with Sana-chan today!
Listen! No feeding your lunches to the animals...
Are there lions here?
Fuka!
Nothing, monkeys like me.
Sana, you have a press conference tomorrow, right?
Yeah, that's it, Fuka, you know a lot.
So many animals are gathered.
If there were lions just waiting around to pounce, wouldn't that be scary?
I asked Hayama the same question.
It was a co-worker's idea.
Lunchtime continued.
It looks powerful.
to girls during class give him a bloody nose?
Can you come over for a minute?
I was weird in the first place.
The truth?
Just thinking of it makes me feel humiliated...
I like you all...
I don't understand love at all...
I don't know...
The right part of my body is getting a weird electric shock.
Not seeing each other will probably be lonely...
That's okay... as long as we're not dead...
Even dead, we can meet...
Really?
Yeah, I guess so.
At sixes and sevens.
You're weird! Taking a toy out like that!
How can that be!
So really, there are two main leads, Kamura Naozumi and Kurata Sana.
I just want to act well for the movie.
Bye Bye Bye Bye
It's always the same old nonsense,
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
and yet you always shilly-shally,
But it was empty to begin with so I didn't have to bother.
You're asking me how I feel? I don't feel anything special!
The leading role in the movie is Naozumi-kun, right?
But I heard from the producer Naozumi-kun's role is more important.
How long will that be?
On the next day, Sana had interviews and photo shoots to promote the movie.
She's finally in junior high...
Yo, Onda. You don't have to worry, it'll be done in a minute.
How can a squirrel know how to write?!
Yeah, looks like she's really busy.
It can't be that Sana-chan's just going to leave like this?
I know, I know.
Like this.
What are you talking about?
Things wouldn't be this way if you told her that night.
Akito-kun, wait for me!
Telling a girl things like that... it's embarrassing.
- Hayama is so weird... - What are you laughing at? Idiot.
What's ghost backwards?
parte b
Hey, bushy eye-browed classmate, you're still here? What a dangerous fellow.
Hey, Hayama.
You won't be coming back for two months?
Of course I won't, Sana-chan.
You're in the way, get lost!
It's been a long time since I had lunch here.
What's this?
Did you give me this?
...but now... I love you as a normal girl!
Bingo, you've got the correct answer!
Please don't stop me, Sana-chan!
- Don't they say anything may justify a lie? - What are you talking about?
Hey, Sana-chan, I'll only ask for one favor in this lifetime, please help.
Can you give me Kurumi Asako-san's phone number?
Akito, Sana-chan called earlier.
She said she'll be leaving early tomorrow morning.
Excuse me, please stop the bus for a second!
Hayama.
You passed the test?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Bye Bye Bye
and your body will be healthy,
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
and your body will be healthy,
blur2
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
Hayama Akito, a passionate lone wolf, also my best friend.
Yeah, she did, it was so sudden.
I'll tell you when you get back.
You're right.
Sana-chan, you don't have to scream like that, please stop.
I'm Babbit, the firework.
Everyone, I'm depending on you.
Can I eat it? Let's try.
Sana-chan is supposed to be the only star of the movie.
But now, there are two.
Dinner ran away.
Sana-chan, don't eat anything that may make you sick.
Eh? What's getting you so emotional?
Ok, ok. Sorry I kept you waiting.
Sana-chan!
Sana-chan...
- I'm here. - Where?
You can't lose to Naozumi-kun no matter what, Sana-chan.
Mako, enter.
Director, is it ok if I stand here?
Is Nakaga-san's mansion here somewhere?
Welcome.
Stop.
I didn't have time talk to you before. I want to tell you everything now.
parte b
The answer is Wa Ha Ha.
First you draw one mountain... then comes the water...
You really can't?
Sana-shan, you shouldn't call a boy adorable.
He must be weaker than me too.
- That was great, Naozumi-kun. - All my money is gone.
Don't talk about it anymore!
Mako has caught Hiroto's heart.
What's the matter, Nao?
- Naozumi-kun. - Yes, sir.
and your body will be healthy,
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
It's all crazy over there,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
What to do? What to do?
Is there anything I want?
Alright, we only have to put it in the mailbox, right?
That's not it...
Haven't seen you for a long time, uh huh...
and pretend to be my boyfriend.
- It was that serious...? - Don't bother to ask...
How stupid!
- I'll call... - No need...
Sushi?
I'm very surprised...
Still, Fuka-chan is also an interesting person.
I know... don't bow.
How are you feeling?
She's Takaishi-kun's girlfriend...
Good idea!
- Hayama-kun... - doesn't talk much.
So this is Takaishi-kun...
I finally got to say words 'my boyfriend' to Takaishi-kun!
What's the Kasao?
It can't be... they're pretending to be dating and we are too...
Ahhh... My brain is fried...
Don't you want me to say it this way?
I'm hungry... Let's find a place to rest.
What do you guys wanna eat? I'm fine with anything.
The steak burger!
Kurata Sana, I like her too!
...And he agreed.
It seems that way but it no longer matters.
I see, I understand...
I can't help myself... to speak it aloud is kind of embarrassing...
You're so slow!
I told her that when she gets there she had to keep in touch no matter what...
Sana-chan, the stars are very pretty.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
Manager and driver Rei-kun!
It's over.
You're not important to me anymore.
Thanks to you I feel better.
That hurt.
Aki, did you see the news yesterday? It was really interesting.
if I say something I shouldn't, are you going to be able to continue?
I really do like her.
But I was her admirer for a long time...
What's your opinion of him, Sana-chan?
Will you two be falling into love with each other?
It's rehearsing here!
No matter what happens, I'll protect you.
What's this hand doing?
Rei-kun?
Oh! Kawai-san is in the lead.
Are you ok?
- Be careful. - Yes, yes!
Um, Rei-kun, Asako's doing the love scene now.
I don't think we should hide our going out.
Size is not...
I'll show it to you when I get back! Looking forward to it?
I see.
Sana-chan's weird.
So how was today?
You silly poses make you look even worse!
We were really happy to find out that he was going to be here.
That's enough!
Please.
What's going on?
- But... - But?
What are you saying...?
Are you going to eat all that?
Of course it's not ok.
Frequently people say I act as if it's a game.
I always turned so cold toward the people I like.
I have something to tell you.
It's you.
Sana-chan!!!
When you sing this song, your worries will go
so just keep going unlike this,
Mou man tail
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
I side not to do it!
It's just a bit swollen.
- Fractured? - We should ask the doctor to check it out.
Sana-chan!
I'm sorry, Sana-chan. I should've kept my guard up...
It's ok, it's ok, I was also taken by surprise.
Ahh, what a nice hot spring!
Mako doesn't run or jump, right? She just walks around slowly!
Shimura-san has a hand fracture, but she still goes all over the place.
I'm not gonna do anything that's bad for me.
Rei-kun, am I heavy?
You're not that heavy, you're really light.
Why is he running so fast?
This injury isn't that serious.
She's not gonna stop.
It's only a little injury, I can go back to work now.
I see, I'm so glad.
I absolutely do not accept this!
That's a reporter's job... they have to make a living too!
You're just angry but you should feel sorry for them too!
For you to be able to think this way... It's unreal.
What do you mean? Of course I'm angry!
I wanna beat them senseless!
This is their bad luck! They deserve it!
Sana, enjoy yourself even under adversity.
Compared to the pain of giving birth, this is nothing.
No. You've definitely had poke even if you never saw pigs walk.checar
When there's nothing else you can do, just do your best!
It's abiriba!
Zoom shot!
We're co-stars after all, I should help you.
True.
Sana-chan...
I told you she was simple.
Anywhere, anytime...
- You... - You...
Well, I hate you too!
Watch me work.
Hayama.
Sana-chan really told you she and Kamura-kun are going out?
But... I can't believe it.
It could be I just got used to being with someone who took care of me.
Really, is it really ok?
Me and my Osaka friends discussed it...
It's always the same old nonsense,
it's all "waah!" over here,
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
I'm Kurata Sana, first year Junior High School student.
Huh? How strange.
We are noisy girls.
Are you okay?!
What is it?
Come on, Rei-kun.
It doesn't hurt that much anymore, it's ok now.
Oh, I see. It hurts a little bit.
I've practiced so hard at rehearsals
Oh, controlled manager.
Yes?
Hayama, will you help me again?
Ah, that was bad...
But those days are nostalgic.
If you don't get enough sleep you won't have beautiful skin!
I wonder who Sana-chan's going to call first.
Hayama! It's me! Are you doing well?
Actually...
Ok.
I'll tell him I got bra.
Sana-chan! Maeda-san's ready to go. Do you want me to send out your letter?
Not really.
I could even hire a child just to do that kind of thing.
I looked like such an idiot.
Tell me, Sana-chan!
- What happened? - Calm down, Naozumi-kun.
I could have calmed down without this.
Hmm... I just can't agree with that.
Come on now, Sagami-san.
The two of you leave. I'll take care of things.
Sana-chan!
I hear everything from Rei-kun, so I know quite a lot about Hayama-kun.
It's because I was wondering about something so I was thinking what it was.
I... I really do love him.
I can't stop thinking about you, Sana-chan.
Sana-chan...
It seems that I got turned down.
Sorry, Naozumi-kun, but when I think about you I say something very heartless.
Naozumi-kun...
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
I'm a sixth grader, who's also an entertainer.
Mr. Hayama?
Did I...?
She called us "Chicken-and-egg dum-dums."
C- chicken-and-egg dum-dums?
Chicken-and-egg dum-dums...
Hot! Hot! Hot! Hot!
Uh-huh.
From now on, you'll eat dinner at home.
Of course, he is a child...
...I worked so hard to give birth to you. It made me happy to have you.
For whiter teeth to die for, Hamigakin X!
For whiter teeth--
Oh, no! We're late! We're late! We're late!
And what's more, there's this laminated tube, you see?
I- I'll do it! By all means, let me do it!
I forgot that I had work! Farewell, my friends!
Friends, huh?
Sensei, you're the guest today on "Laugh Away," right?
I think it's fine, whichever one you go with.
That's fine, fine! Don't even worry about it!
You never said it, though!
Well, you see...
Is it this late already!?
Come back soon.
Maybe I said a little too much. Oh well...
What's this? The post box is dancing!
No answer, huh?
 How about a nice cup of tea? 
Rei-kun!
It's been a long time. You've been avoiding me, haven't you? All this time...
No... no... Rei-kun is...
Rei...
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
it's time to get out of there!
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
My name is Kurata Sana, first year middle school student.
- Oh yes! Do you want some popcorn? - Is it food this time?
The answer is... - 'Sana-chan Kanwaii'Cute Sana!
Yes, she doesn't usually get depressed about little things.
However...
She will definitely recover after one more day of rest.
Wait a minute, Rei-kun!
It's all my fault.
Just get it in there.
Did you hear some noise?
Oh! I'm so glad! I'm so glad! I'm so glad you're here!
Onda-san, what's the matter?
You shouldn't have come.
Sana-chan... I have invited a wonderful guest!
Good. I'm glad.
But how am I supposed to work if I don't forget them?
My head is so messed up... Ah!
But that's not important. Here's a gift from Shimura-san.
And this is from your mother.
Someday you'll laugh at yourself for being so worried about such small thing.
Eh? But I'm so hurt right now.
I'm going out with Fuka now.
Naozumi-kun likes me.
I... I am in love with Hayama.
If I can't change my feelings no matter what,
What is 'A-N-A-B-O'?
You sat on my leg and it hurt! It was such a nice sleep.
But Onda-san has been waiting for them for a long time, right?
I thought this is okay...
Morning! Do your best today!
- Please give it to me. - Onda-san...
Yes, thank you very much!
I can also see Rei-kun and Naozumi-kun's cabins too.
Sorry about that!
Oh, is that it? What a marvelous building.
Don't worry.
Okay.
Listen, Sana-chan. If there's an emergency, use this to call help!
This is the signal to come out.
If the mansion gets burned down, there is no chance to recover it.
She's not coming out...
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
blur2KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
Right! Right! The signal spoils the scene every time.
The fire's burning here too.
I knew it! Sana-chan hasn't recovered yet!
This is bad.
- Calm down, Sagami-san. - Yes!
Sana-chan, hurry and come out.
- What is that? Not good! - Something's fishy going on here.
It fell out when she was dancing the mambo.
I haven't used it since I got to junior high.
I feel horrible, like I'm dying.
Oops.
Don't play with your food! Don't waste it!
There must have been an accident.
Call the firefighters so they can put out the fire!
It can stand for five more minutes, thanks to the reinforced hallways.
- Is this really ok? - We've finished escape preparations!
Don't waste all of Sana-chan's effort!
Effort?
Mako-san!
It could've been easy.
Just admit it.
It was my fault. If I didn't dance the mambo my leg wouldn't have ached up.
Ok.
Of course! With Sana-chan in it, how could it be bad?!
Hi! I heard you came to apologize.
Yes?
Even though we still don't like you...
...because of your great work...
Everyone thinks this is an apology.
All you guys like Naozumi-kun, right?
Sorry...
Yeah, we worked hard!
Let's go home, Sana-chan.
Can't do anything about summer vacation.
Onda, please be quiet in the hospital.
- Is that so? - Sensei, you didn't close the door.
No problem...
I'm bored.
Last summer...
How can you act like this?!
Wow! It's great!
It's just like the old set!
Sana-chan, be careful with your leg.
- Sana-chan! - Naozumi-kun!
Okay.
This is the way of living in the mountains.
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
so resolve when to give up
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
Mou man tail
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2Wai Wai Wai
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Sana-chan is very nervous.
I'll talk to them normally.
Is it finished? Yeah, it's over, over!
Good, we can talk normally.
That's true!
Later!
Wanna blame someone? Have to blame the designer.
...uneasiness...
Try to catch up on all the work.
If I didn't notice minor details like this, I'd really be an idiot.
...I'm so happy.
You owe me 800 yen for the notebooks I bought for you...
Did someone tell you?
Hayama Akito.
An uncomfortable atmosphere at the burger shop.
Right, right... I think the only one around who can catch her is probably Hayama-kun.
But Sana-chan's situation is different...
Well... Akito?
...and once in a while we meet at the convenience store...
What?
Please come in.
Ok, ok.
Young people in the labor force should be grateful for this chance to work hard!
Naozumi-kun!
Go?
Ah? Never mind!
Later!
I'm so happy!
...since everyone really believed it.
Well... Really?
I need to see Naozumi-kun! I have to see him!
But... but he's already got a girlfriend!
But I don't know her at all...
But you'll have to go to war with sensei!
And who was it that saw you off when you went on the location shoot?
- Are you okay, Sana? - Are you okay? Are you okay?
Alright, you'll be fine.
Tidak apa apa, Nday kambay kambay
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb...
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2oteage kimemasho
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
Tell me the truth!
Only from you... I'll only believe the words that you personally say to me!
But why all of a sudden?
Hey wait a sec, not done yet...
Hold on, now I...
Same thing goes to you over there.
Hayama already has Fuka, I should never have said anything... about the truth...
Fuka!
Hey, is that really true?
Mama.
If I totally focus my mind on it, perhaps it'll help me forget.
I want to be away from those two.
Oh, Tsuyoshi-kun, what's up?
You won't come to school again?
Gotta go, Tsuyoshi-kun.
Oh yeah! Why don't I just call?
It means Onegai please.
Yeah.
You wanna go visit the cemetery?
Aa-chan, it's mother.
Do you... want to be my real boyfriend?
Well, I want to apologize for last time... I said strange things.
I feel so weak.
Hey, Naozumi.
About that... the thing that you said on TV...
Don't you think he's gotten bigger lately?
Just like a long time ago.
Babbit knows.
Mine? My birthday is December 24th, on Christmas Eve.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
Cuz you tried your MECHA-KUCHA best,
and your body will be healthy,
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2waratte OSHIMAI osaki GOMEN ne
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
blur2DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2oteage kimemasho
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
it's time to get out of there!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
If I don't think about it...
What's the matter, Sana-chan?
...then you say, "I'm very excited about tomorrow's date".
It doesn't matter.
At a time like this, there's nothing you can do about it.
...at that time...
I'm gonna have to switch you.
The movie you're starring in is finally going to be released this weekend, right?
Sana-chan, there's one more thing...
Um... isn't this an interview about "Mizu no Yakata" Water Palace?
Then I start thinking about it all over again.
Wonder what she's doing...
Sorry to keep everyone waiting.
You look very charming today.
That's not it.
What I get so far is that it's asking Naozumi to perform...
I'm Talandalu. Long time no see!
Th... This is...
It's actually "interesting reversed sentence".
I'm sorry... I ripped the letter, I got too excited.
Our hard work is finally paying off!
Water Palace
They haven't seen you in a long time so they want to see you.
The charms of this movie are almost all gathered around you and Kamura-kun.
It's the real thing.
Hello? I'm Kurata Sana, 12 years old.
I'm in front of your house.
I can see your mom slipping off the roof.
Sana-chan...
Let's go to New York.
It's like I switched a new battery in my body...
Together... we finished a difficult project like "Water Palace".
Let's run away!
Yes, this is very, very sudden.
I don't know any details about this...
I'm sorry... everyone... I'm sorry...
Get back soon, Sana!
Get back soon!
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2moo are mo MUCHA de
blur2chikyuu ha GYAK-KAITEN
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
blur2oteage kimemasho
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
We're gonna arrive at the John F. Kennedy airport very soon.
We're here.
We made it to New York, huh?
Do your best, okay?
I don't know Broadway, what kind of place is it?
The guidebook says it takes an hour to get there by taxi.
Where's Gary Hamilton's house that we're supposed to go to?
The flight from Japan to the JFK airport doesn't have an evening flight.
Mr. Housekeeper?
No, that's our house.
Please come this way.
Yeah, surely!
I'm Kamura Naozumi.
It's hard to describe.
Come on?
Oh Michelle?
New York is cold, isn't it?
Their personalities aren't the same either.
You're horrible!
Even at the party we're all rivals.
This is the training room.
Do people with your appearance always do stuff like this?
But we've been invited here.
I'm taking a leave.
Nao, Sana-chan, goodnight.
Actually in this room...
Sana-chan's drawing zone. Prepare paper and crayon.
What?
I'm confused.
What?
Are you saying that someone added weights?
No, I really don't know what's going on.
Yeah.
Kurata, Kamura, did you have a good night's sleep?
Like I said, going back real quick is probably better.
But we'll talk about it when the time comes.
Rei-kun, call an ambulance!
How can this happen?!
Sana-chan, Maeda-san will be alright.
I'm really sorry!
Excuse me.
Yeah, that part sounds weird too.
Alright then I'll go back to my room.
See ya.
It's all crazy over there,
it's all "waah!" over here,
and your body will be healthy,
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
blur2oteage kimemasho
Whoa, he looks identical to my old friend. It's Brad! He's American.
Yup. It appeared.
Hahaha! Ghosts don't exist in this world!
Ramsy...
Great! I can still catch the noon flight!
Sure...
- Thanks... - If it's not too much trouble.
Thank you...
So don't worry, it's not cause he was poisoned or something.
That's a relief!
All right then, I'm running late for my plane so... Bye!
Alright then! Show them the Japanese spinning elf power!
Yeah... although it hasn't reached 10 yet...
Sana-chan!
Maybe you haven't realized, but I am the technical director of Mr. Hamilton's stage plays.
I've only heard of it today.
They're right here. Sana Kurata and Naozumi Kamura.
I've lead a very colorful life since birth. In Gekidan Komawari, I learned this dance step!
Sana-chan!
It hurts...
Oil...?
And this is my picture!
You'll be fine in no time! In fact, you can climb Mt. Everest tomorrow!
He's been cutting school for a few months straight now.
then a few dozen lives aren't enough, is it?!
Kurata Sana, what's your motive...
It's so painful...
Get on...
Kurata really knows nothing, huh?
See ya...
It's kind of strange...
That can't be, right? What am I talking about?
She gets very paranoid when it comes to her clothes... can't be helped.
Will she be angry? I thought she was one of those expressionless people.
Really...
- Maybe she's a girl who lives here. - True.
"Get out! Go back to Japan!"
This can't be...
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Find what?
Did she do something?
I have no idea! But there might be a clue!
Even if we start with just a tiny clue...
Watson.
Kurata Sana, what kind of behavior is that?
Our rooms were broken into.
What, 'Mama'?
Uh, thank you.
And a rehearsal after? Why are you still running around this late at night?
Mama! Mama, give it back!
But Mama, you keep saying that but you were never going to let me meet him.
Hey, Sicil, good morning!
Pleased to meet everyone. I am the current stage manager, Scott.
Sounds like the stage manager doesn't like us either.
Yes!
We ended up running a hundred laps on the roof.
This isn't dance practice!
A big fat biscuit, line, line, triangle, heart plus wings and you get Babbit!
Okay.
Didn't I tell you? I'm someone who knows your secret.
Uh, nothing.
Must be bad.
This week's Sana-chan.
Really, I'm fine.
Michelle-san? Sicil? Brad? Or... or...
I'm really really moved! Great!
Mr. Sagami, you better damn well believe me."
Want a look at this?
Let's go home.
...but you can't replace a lost life...
...but those people who are threatening us and trying to make us do as they want...
It will be a pleasure working with you.
Naozumi...
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
So at this point now, yeah at this point now,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2Wai Wai Wai
it's time to get out of there!
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I always feel Relax,
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
Let's go back to Japan...
It feels great to speak Japanese again! It feels great to say "umeboshi".
I feel relaxed for the first time since we came to New York.
But who would go that far to chase us away from New York?
No... I don't know who is interfering with us, or for what reason,
But in exchange you'll have to protect me. Even my life may be in danger!
Thank you. I'm glad, Naozumi-kun.
Mama? I didn't know they were related.
Bye then, I'm going to go look for an apartment.
Ah. He's leaving.
Watch the tone! What are you getting at?
Please come with us, you're the manager after all.
You already recognize me.
"They don't need to see us."
"Let's help them with our powers!"
We already know the lines, right?
...somehow...
Ok!
One, two, one, two, three, four!
But if Sicil's here that means...
Why? What is strange?
Welcome back, Dear.
Shut up! Hurry up, shut her mouth!
It's your fault! It's all your fault!
Huh... Gary?!
it's all "waah!" over here,
Bye Bye Bye Bye
Gwaenchansseumnida, kwenchanayo
blur2zenzen! DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2Wai Wai Wai
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
I may he a little jumbled, but when I'm called on, ha-ha-ha-ha-hang!
Rei-kun is my boyfriend!
My adorable girlfriend ordered me not to, so I won't take them off.
Show me your face!
Rei, why are you staying at Sana-chan's home?
Ah, but now, I have nothing to do with her.
--No! --with soba and eggs.
Asako-chan, hurry!
Why did you keep it a secret?
Well, it was already over between us, and all...
I was laughing. Him, a boyfriend? He's just pretending, you know.
This has absolutely nothing to do with you, does it!?
She opened the door just by snorting!
The woman from his past is who he's really after...? That might be true.
Ah, she startled me!
Good afternoon.
Talk about, you say?
Oh, my. Why, how come, for what reason would you duck Sagami-kun?
I should warn you, I don't use polite language with people older than me
Huh?
So, is it yummy? Oh, no, no! Here, this is Noriben seaweed.
Oh, that's okay, that's okay.
You're not in love with her, you know.
Uh-huh, I like her.
But... we can't be! No! I don't like the way this is turning out!
What's the matt-uh? It's awfully quiet here in the classroom today.
Actually, the train I was riding had a flat.
Come on, come on, you guys, you're laughing too hard.
Good teeth are the lifeblood of a perform-uh!
if you laugh at someone's teeth!
Rei-kun!
You're dead serious, huh?
An actress' face is her life!
 When people smile, the world becomes heaven, 
 and heaven -eaven -eaven is a paradise all over! 
As it turns out, the smile you've got on is a twisted one.
Like this-- mmmwha!
No way, Sana-chan!
That's what I'm saying, to put it simply.
Sana-chan, you're strange. Same as always, though.
I- I really meant for nothing bad to happen to you, see?
Uh, listen, they say that if you drink some cold juice,
"Back against the wall."
In dire straits,
My confessions are worked out long in advance,
he's there.
...for two.
Mama, I might not be able to go to school anymore!
Help me!
Go home!
Brad, why did you do that?
Brad!
It's none of your business!
I didn't ask her name, but she was a beautiful lady.
It's not 'Ornaments', it's 'Attentions'.
After all this time, I'm not asking you to forgive me.
But there hasn't been a single day where I haven't thought about...
I've got an appointment right now... I have to go.
Could it be that she's Naozumi-kun's...
If you wander into strange places in this town and get lost, you'll have troubles.
Ah! We're here!
Welcome!
I'm Babbit.
But you've hardly eaten any. You don't feel well?
Today I hate it.
Listen...
I'm sorry. I'll go rest now.
I was delighted about that...
I'm sorry. I don't understand enough of the situation to explain it to you...
Naozumi-kun...
Ok...
You've got a big heart!
Wait a minute!
Naozumi! Naozumi! Naozumi!
It's always the same old nonsense,
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb... 
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
When you sing this song, your worries will go
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi, "
Wai Wai Wai Wai
Sing-ken-ken ken-ken, Tidak apa-apa
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2PECHA-KUCHA HI dashita
blur2kono mama icchee!
blur2
and yet you always shilly-shally,
I am feeling Ultra Relax,
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
Love You, Love You, Love...
Here you are, some milk. Calm yourself.
Ah. Now that you mention it I read something about that in the papers.
Sicil!
I wonder if it would be alright with you if you let Sicil stay here for a while.
Gary!
Aren't you worried about her?
That's right, you don't have to worry about a thing! Just leave Sicil to me!
Yes... Whaaaat?!
No, it didn't!
She would surely like that.
Hurry up, get out quickly! It would be disastrous if he saw us together here!
It's my own business. I went through a lot of trouble to set this all up!
You finally came! Naozumi!
Are you doubting me? About being your real mother?
Oh yes, wait a moment! I will let you see the records.
I will find it in a moment.
Strange, it should be here.
But here in New York now that I've met you, I'm not so confident anymore.
Naozumi! Don't go!
Traditional japanese dishes. Tendon is rice and fried fish. Oyakodon is chicken and egg on rice.
And Babbit likes it, machaudon!
I just thought you were playing it.
Stop! She got tired after being so enthusiastic, and fell asleep. Please be quiet.
I told you I was going to give you a lesson.
Reach out further! More, more!
Brad!
Everything is so much fun when I am with Naozumi. It makes me so happy!
Sicil-chan is making dinner.
We're going the way you came from.
Hold on, Brad!
...so it wasn't love... I didn't know anything...
When you sing this song, your worries will go
and your body will be healthy,
it's all "waah!" over here,
blur2
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2tettai shichau yo
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
Sicil is your younger sister.
I don't want to know anything anymore.
Mom...
And he didn't bring an umbrella either.
I'll go too.
Ah! Then I'll...
But, who are you?
Oh, then I have been very rude! Sorry.
Naozumi.
You found him? Is he alright?
...Gary Hamilton?
We met when he came to Japan to work.
I used to think maybe I wouldn't have left you.
May I enquire... whose mother are you?
As long as you're safe, everything's fine.
She said that Gary-san was...
So many things just happened, my mind was so confused.
You're a child too!
Of course I won't say anything.
Can I sing a song?
I'm home.
Welcome home.
Can I sit next to you?
Please do.
I come here and he leaves again.
'We don't want you' - that's what their eyes say.
What are maggots?
So I think that this time, he can help himself too.
Your mama and papa haven't said they didn't want you.
Abandoned, thrown away.
Yu...?
I'm going to learn how to cook. I don't want Naozumi to be annoyed with me.
You called me mother.
It's always the same old nonsense,
Mm? Could be you're fairly dumb... 
KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI KU-RAI
it's all "waah!" over here,
and the whole earth is spinning the wrong way.
When you sing this song, your worries will go
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
and for an American feeling, Texas!
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
Manager Rei-kun.
The mysterious white bat, "Babbit"!
Only you can help, Hamilton-san.
Naozumi Kamura is currently at her house.
I think I... was always trying to be strong...
But, when we're acting in a drama, don't we sometimes act as a family member?
I guess...
Seeing her was so wonderful.
He said seeing her was so wonderful.
Can I come in for a while?
Where is Yuko?
This musical need the two of you. It will become a big topic of conversation.
I'll be here... by mother's side... always.
Naozumi's heart is already mine.
Your age didn't fit the category either.
Ah! You're that guy from last time!
This?
Mister, are you alright?
Naozumi must leave Yuko.
Play the leading lady?
If I fulfill all your requests...
Stupid woman.
... a serious scene is the most troublesome scene.
... a place where red tea is popular.
You don't know!
You don't have to make a gesture when you say your name.
I am here. Contact me if anything happens.
If that was true. If...
That's what I think, anyway.
Oy, oy.
I hope you can participate at the rehearsals.
Naozumi... good boy...
The musical I will star in has been decided.
Ah! The one you mentioned last time?
There will be a party tonight, call everyone to celebrate!
No, no, no, no... yes, yes, yes... no, no, no, no...
You'll also attend the party, right? Bring lots of pizzas.
I've always thought you would be a successful person.
Yuko's scheme worked.
The only thing we can do now is heal the people they've hurt.
What do you mean you don't believe it?
I don't think anyone will believe that.
Who would that be? I really want to know.
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2KARADA-HA II tenki
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
blur2kore mo WACHA de
blur2datte COCORO-HA NOO tenki
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Yuko-san...
Even more unbelievable!
This is all you wanted to discuss?
Birth father?
It seems like she heard.
We're here! Thank you!
Just now, that stupid guy was wandering on the street, holding a pot.
So pathetic.
Sana-chan, just now...
What's the matter?
Where did she go?
Our only choice is to split up to look for her!
I'm going to the New York Police. The chief is a friend of mine.
You stay here.
Sorry to bother you, chief. Thank you for helping me.
She must be thinking about suicide.
One. Two. One, two, three, four.
Excuse me. Sorry.
That girl might be Sicil.
Who are you?
Sicil!
Sicil.
Now a female has rushed to the scene.
I'll stab myself in the gut in atonement.
I don't know what else to do.
We've just received breaking news.
I'm going to find her. Sicil...
I don't need to know and I don't want to know.
Really?
Naozumi is the same. Everyone's a liar.
It's just today that we're experiencing difficulties with the rescue team.
Go, Michelle!
Thank you.
Everyone's coming back.
Thank God, you're safe.
It'll be ok, right?
I said before I dislike disobedient children.
Because you're a burden, I abandoned you.
Why did you say such things?
When you sing this song, your worries will go
and your body will be healthy,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2doose itsumo no DEMAKASE
blur2U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
blur2kore mo WACHA de
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
it's time to get out of there!
a humble, simple, sort of Deluxe.
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
Hmm?
I was taken advantage of...
You're right.
We need to escape, both of us.
This time, it's my turn...
Don't even say you want to work instead.
It's a big job, but we don't have to do it.
You and I can still be anything we want!
Yeah... since I'll have to see them sooner or later...
Okay.
Metropolitan!
I'm sorry. Many painful things have happened because of the incident with Naozumi.
I got seats on today's flight!
Asako, I'm home!
Asako, I bet you were taking it easy, weren't you?
...Asako...
Nyaaa...
I know it's not much...
My heart's pounding all of a sudden.
He hasn't arrived at the office yet?
Naozumi-kun.
Still, take care of Maekibakaanbarinihototoki-san...
Yeah, let's go.
I have to say it.
I have to say it!
Bernie!
Sana! Naozumi! Rei! See ya later!
Don't lean out the window of a running car or you'll hit your head.
He's called the Master...
Very cool recording studio!
Please stop.
I don't get what happened!
It's because they couldn't get in touch with you.
It's all DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
so resolve when to give up
Bye Bye Bye Bye
U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI U-MAI
It's all crazy over there,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
to PECHA-KUCHA out a "Hi, "
Once your lips touch, you can't change your mind.
blur2sonde ato kara NAKIGOTO
blur2Bye Bye Bye
blur2datte MECHA-KUCHA ganbatta
blur2oteage kimemasho
and for an American feeling, Texas!
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
I am Kurata Sana, Jinbo Junior High School first year student.
I have a little more self respect for not returning to Japan.
That's good.
Especially since I'm the one that all this is happening to now...
Alright, I guess I'll stick to this dance step.
I'll be more stricter now so be prepared.
Michelle-san has recognized our abilities somewhat now I guess...
Lift your hands higher, follow the tempo!
- Together? - Yes.
Sana...
Babbit's Counting Song
I have a hundred faces, makes me so happy!
Hey Mr. Gary, you don't understand?
What is it?
Ahh... this is terrible... the whole Hamilton family is like America's oyakodon-baka.
Where... Oyakodon?
Right, and this is Re.
What is it?
What is it?
What's the difference between a trumpet and a lapa?
Sana mentioned that Sicil...
She mentioned that Sicil might be afraid...
Because I can't dance.
Papa and Mama no longer want a child who cannot dance.
I think Lapa is Latin.
Don't be so serious about it. Blow me some tunes.
What? Who do you think you are? You're even worse than those musical people.
Stopped operations...
Naozumi-kun...
Don't worry about me, it has nothing to do with me now. No worries.
I see...
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2soo koo nareba moo koo nareba
blur2kono mama icchee!
When you're sitting pretty, with enough and to spare,
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
The friend I trust most in New York, Naozumi-kun.
It can't be.
Hey!
Naozumi-kun.
Sensei!
Absolutely no good?
Now go home and go to bed.
Let's go.
Yuko!
Well, you only have me, right?
Hmph, are you here to laugh at me?
Ha, you should talk.
Ah, that felt good.
Uh, ok ok.
Are you brave enough to come?
But...
No, it's not, Naozumi-kun!
It will be.
It doesn't matter, today I'm standing on stage for myself.
Me too.
Where's Mama?
Gone sight-seeing with Bernadette-san.
I'm Bernadette Pink.
What's that got to do with it?
He doesn't have an adult's taste.
Here, this is Okaka, why don't you eat this.
Hurry up, I'm leaving.
H-hey! Hey wait! Wait!
It's my dear Naozumi's opening day, how could I not come?
Yeah, finally.
You invited child stars from Japan for this musical, wasn't it a gamble?
So, enjoy the show.
You dreamed about it? You must've been pretty nervous.
You're kidding, right?
Sana-chan.
Only about me.
See, we're twin angels.
How arrogant.
Didn't you tell me to shut up?
They're great!
This is terrible.
So how was it? What are your thoughts on your first performance?
Uh, no, nevermind.
This is a bit too heavy for my head.
Maeda-san snuck out of the hospital again, geez.
No, we really do have to thank you.
Is that true?
It's always the same old nonsense,
DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
Cuz your heart will be carefree,
blur2zenzen! DAIJO-BU DAIJO-BU
blur2kono utau taeba nayami mo
blur2Bye Bye Bye Bye
I've also received them.
That has nothing to do with it. What all-knowing ability?
or what the effect was so...
Found him!
This was Mama's idea.
They've escaped. After them...
You guys are from Japan, right?
Brad, thank you for saving us.
Brad, aren't you being overprotective of her?
If you're bored, we could play Cat's Cradle.
Yes. Just like that. Wrap this pinky around this side.
You dare to play this way with me...
Actually, Brad...
I'm really angry.
It's time for the musical.
Naozumi.
I want you to continue practicing your performance skills here on Broadway.
Look, your work schedule is already so full.
It could be due to the uproar caused by Gary-san's interview
The world will be mine!
He can't stop.
Yes.
Also, it seems that I can only write my manuscript on the desk at home.
Everyone drink milk together.
Oh, the two of them are really popular in New York right now.
Good! Ok!
Good job. That's it for today.
Open your mouth really wide.
Sicil and Michelle-san are both sure of you.
She's still the same, uncultured in her speech.
This chandelier falls down really easily so you have to be careful.
- Bernie! - Sicil.
If you guys want to think that way.
I will guide him to the best of my ability.
This show...
Naozumi.
Naozumi.
You're really returning to Japan?
I'm so glad to have met you. I'm really glad.
Yes, we can.
What'll I do? This is so sad.
Bernie, I'll never forget you.
What should I do?
Sorry, but the plane's about to take off.
However, because it's an anime, never mind.
I always feel Relax,
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
The stage is a city like New York from the old days.
He's the trumpet player, Kamura Naozumi-kun.
Playing instruments is against the law too.
Those who sing on the streets have been arrested one-by-one.
Just now we brought you a live broadcast from the streets.
Only the people singing on that particular street will be arrested.
Even though, you still don't have to strike this pose!
What?! I was just for a moment!
Ha, ha, ha. Caught in the act.
Talk about digging your own grave.
Oh no... Everyone run!
To be tricked by those people and then to let them escape, how can I stand it?
Boss! Did you hear my complaints?
Zenjiro-chan.
This time I'm really out permanently.
Yo, Tomita.
It's work.
Aren't you singing, Aya-chan?
Hi, Hisae-chan.
One of the performers doesn't look too good. Let Naozumi try.
This person, I don't know where she was just now. Yet she had the nerve to talk nonsense.
Was it farting?
That's the kind of place this town is.
You must be very disappointed, Naozumi-kun.
Please release everyone.
That law violates human rights. I won't recognize it.
They escaped again!
Handsome Naozumi...
Silly, what am I saying? That's impossible.
Finished sweeping. The place is now very clean.
I think that I was singing just now. I'm in a pinch.
What are you doing over there?
I just got here a little while ago.
Just got here plus a little while ago makes it very hard to determine...
Oh, we fell!
In the trumpet...
Brad, even though you thought it happened this way,
Of course it matters.
Please don't play it, Naozumi-kun.
But the law must be obeyed.
the club will continue to fight.
The parting cassette tape is the Last Memory.
Love you, love you love you but now.
Who are you?
Love you, love you, love you, but now.
Put on an Egyptian front and become a sphinx,
I'm Kurata Sana, a sixth grader, who's also a TV personality.
And this is the problem child Hayama Akito,
It's your own fault for getting your face so close.
Is that right?
Wha--
--Wha-- wha-- --That figures.
Sensei!
I don't care if you are Asako-san, this is wrong!
Are you sure about that? This is blessed compassion.
Okay, how about it? Ah, here it is.
I'm an adulterer! I'm a mistress! I might as well kill Hayama,
Sensei, your manuscript, please!
 Rei-kun, I'm sorry, forgive me. 
I didn't know that there were two observation lounges.
I can't bear to face Rei-kun.
sure enough, I heard that there had been a commotion
Curious...
it's all your fault, Hayama!
And who the Deutsch is the one who kissed this idiot?
I took the cutest girl in class out into the backyard, see?
Okay, that's enough.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm!
He kissed her!
Where does that chipmunk poop?
Here you go. Take your time.
A reason, huh?
--some new material, aren'tcha? --been over to my house,
Kissed!?
Thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule for us.
Good morning!
then talk it out and settle it right now!
And that's my story.
and then stabilize my position as an actress to a certain degree.
That's what I told you.
but you were just an ordinary college girl!
Yes, you did. You surely did at that.
Now is no good? Then when will it be?
Huh? A visitor?
to always go along with the scenario.
...panic!!
I'm going to be honest and sincere,
Hoy! In Sana-chan's next adventures...
Adis, seor.
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2tettai shichau yo
Those were just your pictures, what's the report?
See?
Then after we get back to Japan, we'll be together for a while, Nao-pyang.
You were a weirdo back then, Nao-pyang.
Fate is a really strange thing.
Let's run away...
We finally pulled through.
I'm attending an escalator school where
Because of this, I think I can make a lot of new friends.
Kansai-ben accent from Osaka...
The person who I met in the bathroom, Fuka!
She's my best friend.
How do you do.
Hey Aki, listen, listen!
I already liked someone then.
My heart is on fire!
I won't be upstaged by Sana-chan's talent! I'm going to do my best!
About two months, maybe longer.
It's only three months anyway.
I'll look forward to hearing it, Hayama.
Guest...
...love you.
Why? Why are you crying?
Because you're crying, Sana-chan.
Naozumi-kun...
If you ever feel like crying...
Finally, back at school!
Look up to me.
Heh... Why's that?
Aki!
I've always loved you! But...
I was wondering what took you so long so I came to check...
Fuka!
That's right, in the past.
I finally pulled through.
All thanks to Naozumi-kun.
Th... that's true. Right... Right?
The plane is now on top of Hawaii, we can not go back New York.
Keep your eyes on me, okay?!
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
Akito-kun...
How much longer?
Is it good?
They're getting along great, Hayama-kun and Fuka-chan.
There must be someone who's making ramen out there.
I'm very very angry.
Ye... Yeah.
Wait up, Akito.
All the credit goes to you.
So, how's it going?
You know... Hayama-kun is so ahead of us...
What have you two been doing all this time?
Damn, you two still have time to talk about porno.
parte b
TOWA and ICHI, 2 HA's and eye and Mata.
One and two, and one and two and three!
But even if you do that, watch out for cars.
Don't stand so far apart, move closer.
You two?
- It can't be... - Films are very expensive.
You look very upset, Tsuyoshi-kun.
You always liked to put me down before.
Even if I argue with you, you'll always end up winning.
...because I really wasn't in the mood to listen to other people's conversations.
Eh?! It's published!
Where are Hayama-kun and Fuka-chan's pictures?
Once again.
What's this?
T-That's...
Yeah. Look, that's him, he was on Teen Net.
Matsui looks great in this picture.
It's like this... I'm here to talk about Fuka's boyfriend Hayama Akito-kun.
- Is the rumor about you two dating true? - Naozumi-kun...
A one-step-above kind of Deluxe.
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
Wearing shoes is troublesome.
At that time...
I didn't say anything,
everyone believed the media and Ishida-kun.
Because we believed the rumors last time,
I still want to listen to Sana-chan's weird songs.
Thank you for taking care of our daughter.
Sorry to bother you.
Why are you looking outside?
Later.
What do you mean?
She heard Hayama-kun was a violent troublemaker in elementary school.
Sengoku-sensei...?
But now he's...
Teachers won't lie.
Just a second.
I had a fight with my parents...
Sengoku?
He called my mom to school, he said some bad things about you.
I know a day like this will come.
Even though there are many unhappy events in life
All the magazines published today have Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun's picture.
After Sana came back to Japan,
she seems very busy.
I've been great.
I forgot to tell you, after school,
Eh? Welcome party?
Shut up!
We're all friends, right, Akito-kun?
using our magic to give them a happy ending.
But, I haven't seen Sana in a long time.
Well, that's who she is.
Sana-chan's story in New York is so funny.
That's what I'm suppose to say.
It's like afternoon naptime in kindergarten.
This, this...
We didn't want to listen to the media,
Especially me.
- Right? - This is the first time I heard you say that.
Sana-chan and Naozumi-kun,
Ah, it's Hayama and Fuka.
Isn't it great?
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
My manager and driver, Rei-kun.
Away run to is to run away.
Hayama Akito, we are very good friends, or at least I think we are.
Thank you, it's been a long time!
This is... Hayama-kun?
He acts like he's good now,
Akito is not that kind of person,
Akito, the whole time you weren't happy that we won the best couple prize.
Right?
Could you slow down? I can't keep up with you.
That's true...
we'll meet at the bus station at 11:30, right?
- Going on a date is great, right? - Yeah.
Why is he smirking?
They really are a good couple.
- Naozumi-kun! We'll work hard together! - Sana-chan!
But this is decided by the agency.
Naozumi... I don't want to leave you!
This is...
This is how it looks... She is the one I have to take care of from now on.
Another weird person...
You can call me Riho, even Riho-P will be fine!
Ah! You're still cute when you're scared!
She looks more like a crazy fan.
If you are going to lie then break up with him now!
Fuka!
Never come to this restaurant
The food there probably tastes better too.
Wow! What do you want to do?
You're scared of heights?
Maybe it will be better if you lie down.
I'll get it.
That guy...
It's him trying to pick on me.
Acting like that is really cold, Hayama.
No problem. This is nothing big.
About yesterday...
You're done eating?
It's not 'can it be'... it is Takaishi.
I know.
...lovers, or families, everyone is competing.
Is it okay to let Sana-chan stand in the spotlight all the time?
and for an American feeling, Texas!
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
My manager and driver, Rei-kun.
He's going out with Fuka now.
I've just come from America and my Japanese is still quite bad.
What a headache, I wanted to memorize the script ahead of time...
For the two actors please,
In the world, even if you're friends, lovers or families, everyone's competing.
Please rest assured, and look forward to the premiere.
Really?
I think I said something to you that I shouldn't have said.
...if you hurt a girl, I'll get angry.
I'll go ahead first.
- Good morning. - Good morning, Fuka.
Telephone, telephone, telephone...
Isn't that a quicker solution?
What are you saying?
I know. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Really? A white belt? I'm very proud of you.
Come back and apologize to dad.
...say that to your father and mother...
One, and Two, and One, and Two, Eight...
Don't go into that store...
They all like Child's Toy.
Nice to meet you.
Her chest is gonna pop out.
So I could prepare it.
That's why Riho-san went to get it.
This film's main character is Sana-chan.
Akito-kun...
He's here.
This, this... this is really stiff.
It's a sticker picture machine.
Akito...
You're a devil. You'll always be a devil.
Sana-chan, come here.
OK.
Oh, no.
Fuka, what's wrong?
Akito-kun?
We moved open shooting one day early...
...maybe Sana-chan just wasn't ready.
You were startled, and didn't say a word
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
blur2EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
This... is my line?
Right now... undergoing surgery.
No! It's not your fault! You didn't do anything wrong!
No worries! No worries! No worries! No worries!
Shh! Don't be so noisy.
Akito really didn't do anything wrong, why did it turn out like this...
Hayama always gets blamed.
and deal with the problem with your line.
But... I need to practice.
You're trying to hide it, can it be a love letter?
There's A and MA and KU plus RI for free!
But that's not the problem!
Tenshin Honey Chestnuts are so delicious!
To have an opinion upon the famous Mizoguchi-sensei's script,
Don't ask at a time like this!
Standby, ready, start!
Left stroke, right stroke
But I can't say it to her when she's like this!
Riho-san!
Shadows?
But if you like her, shouldn't you try to stand at the same level she's at?
There must be a reason why Sana-chan is so troubled!
You are in big trouble.
No way, suspension?!
Wait a sec, Akito-kun!
A... Akito-kun!
This week's shocking news is about Kurata Sana-chan.
Sana is still... with Akito?
Can't do anything about you.
Because I caused it.
Did you come to visit me because you felt responsible?
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
"Wait... I want us to split up", I said
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
How old are you?
Anyway, you need to get well quickly.
She may not be able to stay in Japan's entertainment circle.
At the time, Sana-chan put all her effort...
Isn't there a magazine interview? The Dabara Weekly.
Why?
But your dad will be home late today.
It's past 3! I'd better go home and take them in.
The window's ready.
Am I waiting for Akito?
This is better.
Running here?
I guess.
Okay, I'll have some too.
OK, I'll go to our favorite place and get you a double cheeseburger tomorrow.
parte b
The fact that you can't say demon...
There are lines... you just can't say.
You got rid of me to meet that boy.
My getting hurt wasn't his fault.
Akito's not bad.
I'll tell him today when he comes.
So go home, mom.
I don't know what you're talking about.
She still likes you.
The opinionated woman.
It's horrible. Please spare me already.
That's not the same thing... Mine belong in a higher class.
I feel your pain.
Um... I have to go. See you later.
Yikes. How scary.
For Sana-chan's reputation.
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
Love me deeper, hold me, I wanna hurt you
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
I always feel Relax,
Naozumi... um...
How could they print such things when it's not true!
They said an idol who is snooty won't fit into the image of their commercial.
Having a break is fun!
This is what makes me a pretty junior high school student.
You liar.
Sana-chan, I will drive you to school.
Ah, Sana-chan...
There, you see?
Soromatabaggi! Long time no see!
Everyone's Kurata Sana is here!
No way, don't believe those things.
They just edited the picture when I was eating a burger from Manhattan.
Hmm? Who? Who was that just now?
It's the same height as me
- See you all later! - Ah, Aya-chan!
These days the school's image is getting worse.
Sana! It's you!
You got it!
What is it?
It's today's notes.
I guess America is so much different from here.
Yeah! I can see! I can see very well!
Thank you very much.
parte b
Fuka...
The one who was frustrated the most because he couldn't protect Fuka is...
Yes, I'll be there in a second.
Well, that's the story, so...
Sana... Sana's back at school.
Yeah, me too.
I was told not to come anymore.
Yeah... but I'm really glad you did.
And... I'm sorry...
It's not really a thing to tell you.
So I thought I'll take some of the weight off of you.
So, please don't be nice to me anymore.
Today I wanted to clear up that misunderstanding.
No, that's alright.
Sana-chan! A guest for you!
but it's not in a love kind of way.
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
Let's gather some courage and set this straight now
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
Manager and driver, Rei-kun.
My best friend I met in the bathroom, Fuka.
That you still love Hayama-kun.
This one is sweating. This one is having no problem.
If you don't do this well now, the future's gonna be hard for you.
Sana-chan, is this year's Christmas Eve going to be the same?
I feel like a worm inside a mouse ear.
So in conclusion, this year's Christmas Eve
I think it's alright. This year, Asako has to work again.
Oh, really?
What is this, what is this?
but broke up...?
Ok.
I guess Sana-chan can't.
Don't borrow it.
Ah, this kind of trash could just...
Christmas Eve Day!
No! Don't be so formal with me! I mean it's between you and me.
The real reason?
Oh Christ-sama! I'm so glad that I have lived my life seriously.
Oh yeah, it's today, isn't it?
Watch today's drama, and you'll understand.
Sana-chan!
I'll run for a bit.
Go.
Last Christmas she got me a dinosaur.
You have taken care of me too... many many times...
That's...
Kurata.
Sana-chan, why are you guys here?
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
it's time to get out of there!
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
It's really big! You made it yourself?
But every Sunday, you hide that storage room where if 100 people went in it could collapsed.
So what did you make?
Mama doesn't like violence.
Actually, it still needs a thing called 'motherly oven'.
Those are two totally different things!
Where the hell can you find 'motherly oven'?
The hardware for giant robots was on sale, 50 off.
You're from Tokyo, can you just ignore the danger Tokyo is facing now?
Angel attack...
If you keep acting like this, Hayama's dad is going to die.
Sana, that's cheap!
Sana-chan, you should come to my house to play again.
Ahhh, I'm losing her, I guess the hostage strategy is not working.
Then, Sana-chan, good-bye.
Changing face strategy.
See, it's working.
Are those tears?
I would've never thought that a robot would have emotions.
all because of the 'magical angel'.
Don't disturb them.
Good morning, Sana.
Maro-chan became a cuckoo in the clock?
You can do animal programs though.
I had sushi.
Sana-chan, I turned into a gold fish.
Hey.
You stink too.
We have to find out before noon.
You're still worrying about lunch?
And what would your grandpa know about that?
In Oji prince.
The King told me to do this when he was still alive.
...didn't like taking baths...
Who is the wrinkly old lady?
I was just going to call you old lady, but the pig confused me...
This whole thing has nothing to do with us really.
But why did I turn into a skunk?
There's no solution. If the spell on me is not undone, I cannot undo yours.
- Read fast. - You have to read sentence by sentence.
Don't skip any kanji words that you don't know.
According to the description, it's me?
Of course I have to think first. If he was human...
It can't be like this.
Anybody wants to do it for me? I'd sign an autograph for you.
Although we feel very sorry for you... a girl with three moles
Because you have moles.
I will lose a piece of meat.
I'll join the gold fish department next year.
No, Sana-chan.
You know me?
I promise you that if you're willing to kiss me,
Can't stand it.
The New Year's eve bell rang, this year is over.
blur2odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2Love Me Deeper daite umarekawatte
Deeper, deeper, quick get real
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
S- Sana-chan...
He's not answering his Burutcha at all, either.
Yes?
No! Let me go, Big Brother! No!
"To Aono-chan, Kurata Sana"
Mm-hmm, thank you!
"Dimwit"!?
whether you want to or not, when you grow up. So...
Look! It happened, Sana-chan!
This is no time to be loafing around!
Then, it is...
Rei-kun also gave me a chick. Is that how this is?
And if you had never met Sunglasses-san,
It's positively...
You want to go at it!?
I'm so embarrassed, I can't go home!
He-y!
If you don't hate him, then give him a kiss!
Cut it out, you dumbass!
Although, all good people have their bad points,
Welcome back.
Shimura-san knocked herself out making Thai-style eggplant-and-shrimp curry.
Mama said that this wasn't genuine love...
That's what you say about times like these.
to always go along with the scenario.
...quick-changes into a merry-go-round...
Episode 11 of the Uneasy Night of Impressions and Departures Saga:
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
I am Kurata Sana. A first year junior high school student.
Ah, looks tasty.
Rei-kun, sometimes I want to stay in Japan and just relax for a while.
Right now we can't do it. Next year you've three films to shoot in Hollywood.
Sana? Have you made your wish yet?
Wait, Mama! My wish is still at the Daifuku stage...
Where did she go? Seems strange!
Because Sana-chan got banned by the media, all the other news got mashed together.
So, did you have fun in Hawaii?
Aloha... Hawaii...
God will punish you for saying a thing like this!
If Sana-chan hears this...
I want to go to London and learn more about acting.
Sana-chan, how is your work going?
It would be embarrassing to see each other.
Don't be like this. Soon there will be tons of letters.
parte b
Go to London with Asako...
Rei-kun and Asako go to London.
Wait a second...
Apart from the message there are sounds like Ka-kong and dogs barking.
Definitely.
Excuse me, anyone home?
That voice from before.
My name is Chidosei.
This is superb!
Our fan club members recorded every show that has Sana-chan in it.
Of course, those are all only rumors.
In the end, I handed in the script completely dissatisfied.
Well, let's not talk about things in the past now.
Actually, I came today to discuss a job opportunity with you.
Sorry, but that's impossible. God hasn't given me any brain cells for math.
I don't know if I am suited for the job but I want to try it out.
Wait a second... wait a second...
blur2ima KISU wo sorashinagara itta
blur2tooranakya ikenai michi wo
You can't see what's in front of you
Because I wanna try crying with you
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
but when I'm called on, ba-ba-ba-ba-bang!
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2hito aji chigau ze DERAKKUSU
blur2watashi ha itsudemo RIRAKKUSU
Hello?
That girl...
I feel strangely nervous.
...is the Studio?!
Only two?!
Oh, I see, this is easy easy.
Alright!
I'm the math teacher.
This image is pretty lousy.
Nanda-chan is... like this.
Wow, you did very good!
You said something unnecessary again.
I think this problem of whether she could do math or not happened before.
No way, Sana-chan's working here?
Yeah, one light won't do much good because we don't have money.
Sana-chan, is possible... you don't know how to multiply?
Director! Today, let's stop the multiplication now. We'll go over the rest at home.
But I don't know why you flip it,
so act as if you know it, like the script. Because we don't have money, ok?
But this video is for kids who aren't really good at math, right?
I heard the circumstances,
I understand, if it means that much to you.
He didn't change.
I caused so much trouble.
Hey, you still have that weird habit.
Yes, in London you could really enroll into a prestigious acting school and...
and nothing was solved.
So, if that's gonna happen...
but that's wrong.
Yeah, that's right, Mama.
Beg to man if god isn't here.
I can't do that!
So with today and tomorrow,
I'm gonna say this in advance, but I'm a strict teacher.
We're in 7th grade,
...fifth grade math came crashing down.
Sensei, can I actually improve?
or you cannot understand at all day after day.
Fuka and Sana work hard together. Math is life.
What are you talking about, we're best friends.
We're good friends all the life.
It'll benefit you all your life if you learn math.
I wondered what would happen with Sana and Akito
but I really don't care about that anymore.
Ah, Sana-chan, good work.
You're the scriptwriter who awes the audience, why this?
It's because it's a job worthy enough to do all this work.
What? From Kurata Sana?
blur2odoroite anata wa damatta ne
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
blur2Deeper Deeper hayaku me wo samashite
If you walk off the road you have to go along
My family of four and I are going to stay the night.
a wonderful, invincible Relax.
I may be a little jumbled,
blur2kyou mo ashita mo HIMAKKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
No, it doesn't. I never draw hearts.
And I would never try to act like a goody goody, using formal words.
Hello?
I said that I hated him before... I need to apologize now.
Actually, I really like you a lot.
I still remember that.
But today I'm talking about something else.
Right now I'm in Africa directing a crazy wild animal documentary.
What? What? What happened?
Director Ono is...
I will try best. I will eat as much ramen as I can.
I wanted to go once.
Umm... May I ask who told you all this?
Right, everyone's saying it. And it's spreading around.
Even though I don't want to, I'm going to turn 13 very soon."
No, person from mirrors.
- You're saying I have a twin? - That's not it.
You're the real Sana, right?
Right right, Sana-chan is working hard for the Math Teacher Tapes Vol. 2 and 3.
Of course it's better to have money, being broke is terrible.
In all my 46 years of being a cameraman,
The Kurata Sana from Water Palace and the Kurata Sana who couldn't say 'devil' in her lines.
Good-bye everyone. I wish all of you well.
That means I'm the real one.
Training, huh? You're sweating.
The fake.
Was that Onda-san?
Let's wait until all of the audience moves in.
Don't mind them, Sana-chan.
- That is... - That's me.
Ah, Sana-chan?
I'm going back to reason with that girl.
...and you are trying to be me?!
But why?
The Sana-chan we admire is compassionate, courageous, energetic...
I understand the feelings all of you had toward the old Kurata Sana.
Please go see it.
- Math Teacher video series, please give me. - It's amazing!
A lot of excitement. Definitely worth checking out.
Look at the sender's name.
Let's look at the contents.
White dolphin.
Sana-chan, thank you...
What kind of matters are those?
I really wanted to go to school and study with everyone together.
Sana-chan... help me.
And make me the only one you love
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2BIKKARI! KIKKARI! saeteru ATAMA PII! PII!
Is it because...
That media thing is already over.
Really?
Well... if that's what you decided, then we will try to help you.
I feel very relaxed.
Don't cry when you hold my hand, I feel embarrassed.
Sorry...
Words are too big, Babbit gets squeezed out.
The boss of all is...
Hey, it was hard to memorize this line.
Are you saying that our Japanese isn't correct?
Not bad, quite amazing.
Second period is calligraphy!
The ink doesn't stick well.
Sana-chan... help me.
You can say it like that. But it's not completely like that.
If you don't like those old ladies want to find another way of living?
Take your bow to thank the audience.
It's all over.
Zenjiro-sensei.
- Zenjiro-sensei! - Zenjiro-san!
Guess who this is!
Isn't this great? Isn't this great? Isn't this great?
So this is it! You don't need to find it.
Sana's non-seductive seduction as an attack plan.
Proposal?
You wrote the first two words incorrectly.
Proposal?
Fuka-chan said you were ready to study hard, so everybody came to help you.
Long live friendship.
I only have a little bit left.
Chicken head?
I am going to teach you again so listen carefully.
It's because you are too stupid. Next is...
Ok.
Alright. Let's go, Sana-chan
How can these get sponsors and the audience's applause?
Wait a minute!
I will not miss my chance!
Hey, proposal, proposal!
This proposal means life or death for me!
For me too.
It stopped. Isn't that the TV studio?
It's that cute, lively, outgoing personality
Her name is Kurata Sana-chan.
That is her?
Yeah, she's the little girl in the video.
We did it, Sana-chan, right?
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2watashi ha URUTORA RIRAKKUSU
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
It's been a while but how come I haven't received any news?!
A lot of things happened but I think if they're fine now,
Oh, Fuka-chan! Haven't seen you in a long time! How are you?
Ha... Hayama.
If you continue to be so hung up on her, you won't get a new girlfriend!
Okay, that's it.
Aya-chan, good morning...
What's wrong? Why in such a bad mood so early in the morning?
That Teen Net Valentine Event that you always wanted go to...
How many postcards did you sent in?
Just one.
It's nothing.
Aya-chan! I'll stick with you forever!
Tsuyoshi...
That one? It's this photo.
And find a new boyfriend!
All right!
- Yes. - Fuka.
Alright! We have to work hard, Sana-chan!
Yes, I will.
The producer lied!
If you have any troubles or concerns, please tell us!
Yeah, just as I thought, there's a lot of girls, and guys!
They care each other.
Good idea.
Go home? Why all of a sudden?
My club has very strict rules, so, I'm sorry about today.
She left all of a sudden.
She couldn't help it if there was gymnastics practice.
Okay, you can count me!
- Wow! He's cool! - Aya-chan.
Becomes this in Takaishi's eyes.
Welcome!
Long time no see.
Love is a battlefield!
It's never wrong to grant the audience's request.
blur2Hold Me, PINCH wo kirinukete hoshii
blur2watashi hitori wo sou aishite
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
blur2gokazoku yonin de goippaku
blur2AMERICA kibun de TEXAS
I... broke up with Shizu-chan.
Yeah, yeah, of course...
Look, it's so long!
She's lost in the river of love... does it really bring such happiness?
Thank you, but I've already decided.
It seems she doesn't like it when I talk about Takaishi-kun.
But I don't want to miss school.
No, we can't believe you're leaving, Asako-chan.
If you go, our show will be in jeopardy.
The phone is ringing! Sensei, just a sec.
Yes, what is it?
You're not going to be just a guest star, but the sidekick to the show host!
Everyone is still wondering who's gonna take this position, we're so lucky!
Ah, would I be in the photo?
Let's do it that way. Hmm, what sort of hairstyle should I have...
I must set an alarm for that.
I just finished packing everything.
I bought these to celebrate our new life in London
- You really forgot. - What are you talking about?
Ahh... ah, that was...
Ah, sorry, we're filming right now.
Hey, you should do this at that part...
Yes?
And now, the only thing left for me is work.
Good morning!
Ah, sir, hello, hello, it's all thanks to your help.
Asako, have you already left...?
No more time to waste.
Is that so?
Sagami-san? Please help me.
There's a huge traffic jam here.
This is more like it for an interview.
The interviewers are here.
Even though I said I would wait for him.
- Ah... - Phone is ringing, Asako-san.
What are you saying?
Because we love one another.
Rei! Reporters, reporters.
I won't let them interfere with us again.
And make me the only one you love
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
and for an American feeling, Texas!
it's time to get out of there!
Bright! Clear! Alert-headed, peep-peep!
blur2nigamushi hara no mushi nahe nahe to
blur2SUTEKI ni muteki na RIRAKKUSU
I'm Kurata Sana, 1st year Jinbo Junior High School student.
You are that...
Lend me some money?
Is that a Babbit?
Misako, lend me some money?
He's an example that will never improve.
Hurry!
He hangs around those people...?
You're really annoying...
We'll take the money.
You're too far-fetched.
Oh, here...
She has been raising him all by herself.
Makoto-kun's hair is black.
So he opposes your marriage?
Misako...
Mama...
So I thought I could solve it with money.
Plus, I don't even need your help.
That's right, that's right, that's right!
What a great mother.
This person in need of help is very famous.
Yes, it is.
Uh-oh, there's a banana peel on the floor.
I hear from Uncle that Kurata Sana is like his daughter.
What did you say?!
Stop gossiping...
Meat and potato?
I was going to speculate peacefully on the development of this matter...
I'm Babbit.
Then this is your own idea?
I think I understand Ryosuke very well.
Mama, you aren't helping him at all.
I couldn't help telling the truth.
But, Ryosuke was being very serious today.
Anyway, the point is...
I wouldn't do this if Ryosuke-san was going to be my father.
Really, really, that guy... that guy?
Marrying a millionaire uncle.
Just use this as a chance to give up.
Ryosuke-san.
Makoto!
Makoto...
I was worried about you, so I asked him if he could come with me and see you.
Did you hear that?
But Ryosuke-san is still the same, always causing a big fuss.
Maybe it is karma.
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
Under the gaze of my sharp, firm eyes
You can't see what's in front of you
Deeper, deeper, quick open your eyes
And make me the only one you love
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2yobarerya PAPAPAPAAAN!
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
I'm Kurata Sana, first year junior high school student!
Babbit Punch!
- Oh, Natsumi. - Yes?
Is it a boy?
Is this the soap sitcom?
No. I'm running late.
Natsumi... is acting a little different than usual...
Thanks, you can't leave now. Split!
That was pretty cool, huh?
Really awesome! I was totally blown away by it!
- Will you share a little more with me next time? - Oh, sure.
Forget it, maybe next time.
White dolphin!
Ah... Probably jogging somewhere around here.
I'm sorry you have to help me clean up.
Ah! Fuka!
Yes, are you done with your business?
Who did he call?
That's okay... but your brother...
No, too appropriate. It annoys me to see someone so fake.
Oh, you're having stewed pork today.
What?
Nishikawa-kun, about tomorrow...
There's an indecisive somebody over there!
Take action like a man!
We'll pull his tail right in front of her, and uncover his true identity!
That's why I say he is so fake!
- Thank you. - Actually, there was nothing.
Hey you, it's no time to smile like that.
Why are you so mad?
Forget about him soon. What the...?
We didn't...
Are you not hungry too, Natsumi?
- Good morning! - Good morning!
I'll make sure that I remember your birth date!
blur2Touch Me, PINCH ni oitsumete ageru
I always feel Relax,
blur2EGIPUTO kidori de SUFINKUSU
blur2yoyuu SHAKUSHAKUPPE itsumo
blur2funya funya de iruto
blur2watashi no KOTO dake mitete ne!
My Aoki Award-winning Mama, and the squirrel, Maro-chan.
we will determine the different boiling points of the substances.
Uh-huh, you would have thought yesterday's episode was funny, too.
Akito-kun, sorry...
Come to the teacher's room at lunch!
What was that "Ah"?
So you're confessing that you threatened him with force?
Kyoto-sensei! I'm in first year, Class 8, Kurata Sana!
Kyoto-sensei.
What?
Suzuki-sensei that kind of a thing...
You grew up, you grew up, I'm impressed, I'm impressed.
It happens, young master.
The Karate team?
Well, first you have to gather members.
then I could talk about it in the next faculty meeting.
To capture a middle-school student who wants to do karate alive nowadays,
Well, ask for mom's help!
Well, I got an idea...
they have no money, so NO.
Where is the sex appealing a Karate Team?
I understand.
I'll think about it.
Isn't that life's Ukelele.
What, you moron?
She seems happier than when I joined.
Be careful not to get hurt.
I know you guys won't stand still.
Excuse me...
- I'm Ishida! - You have a hard time.
Well... excuse us a minute, Sana.
Yeah, sounds good!
Why is it for you?
there's a newborn baby next door. A lovely baby!
March 7th., Kurata Sana...
blur2saketecha saki wa mienai janai
Love me deeper, hold me, be reborn
Both today and tomorrow, I've got time to kick back.
blur2WABISABI kikasete DERAKKUSU
So I'm gonna let him rest at home.
Yes, give my regards to Sengoku-sensei.
Shouta, I called the school, ok?
Coming! So I can't come back at noon.
I admire them, I'm glad that I'm in it.
Don't worry about it. You're not fit for karate.
I... I was absent.
Tokyo has more than 1 million people! We could find at least one person.
Hey, nosebleed, did you see the notebook?
Yeah, he was absent yesterday,
Eh, is that so?!
It if turns out like this, I think I'll do something like be a bunny girl!
Yes, I will. He's bleeding again!
Brother, we don't want curry anymore, we want pizza!
- I like burnt ones! - Not me!
Now erasers are the precious treasure in school.
Damn it. Is this good enough?
one, two or three karate club members are nothing! Ah ha ha...!
Ok ok, you can order it.
I'm excited because I've got lots of good ideas,
Nice to meet you.
His health is not so strong. So he made up a goal that he would never be absent.
- An after school activity? - Yeah. He started Karate or something.
Kyoto-sensei, this has to be Hayama.
This karate club is something that Hayama made.
He's trying to justify his violence, that's why he made it.
But that has nothing to do with Nakao-kun.
I know it's sudden, can you think of the Karat club symbol?
Hayama, where is Nakao-kun?
Hayama-kun, can I have a minute?
If you get involved with Hayama-kun's karate club, nothing good will happen.
What the hell is this?
But I never knew that the training would be so hard.
Don't mind me.
Hayama-kun, you asked Nakao-kun to join the Karate club.
but how he was acting.
Want to read it?
That guy...
blur2matte mou wakaretai no yo
blur2ima KISU wo sorashinagara itta
blur2GURUGURU to tada mayoikomu yori mo
blur2hakkiri to ima yuuki wo dasou yo
blur2Love Me Deeper daite kizutsuketai
Just now, when I turned away from your kiss
Peggy Khayam - known in Japan, entertainers, whose name is also, like the protagonist.
In the "child's toy" comes across gero gero.
Komawari used, at least three times in this OAV.
However, in the manga, noted that she actually belongs to a group Komawari.
Kind of like chicken - it's an adult, as an egg - this breed.
You, jerk!
Thank you.
Hayam again?
I'm going home.
Ignoring!
The cafe learned to skip...
What? Just about everything!
... We do not know where to find you.
Of course. I apologize.
Cool!
Hey...
Cavity will, eh?
You did something deeply concerned.
Oh!
Do you think only your opinion is correct?
Do it. You said you'd do.
Hardly a criminal did not.
Thou on whose side?
KOMAVARI SPECIAL BLOW!
I'm in love with a girl!
Why do you say "trash"?
Sensei, you have time!
Come on, Hayam!
Let's go!
Miscalculated.
In addition, I won.
Here Akito lives.
His older sister.
I can not believe she could say such a thing his brother.
How awful.
Akito does not communicate with his father.
Akito...
Hayam ceased to be a leader.
None.
Education Komavari - the ability to cry.
I have to take care of the mother and for you!
Huh?
Mommy, why are you my mother?
... You have a fever.
Khayam?
I feel that I will Hayam a little more happy, but...
... We'll see.
Hayam.
What is impatient.
Enough is enough!
Yeah.
You just didn't ask.
Who else can I ask?
I heard you were going to Yayoi's company today. You're not with her?
She seems awfully busy at her job, but she says it's all for Kanna.
Even though I was already saving money, she didn't want to worry me...
Okay then, let's try practicing a bit.
Vagina...what to do, what to do, censors...I'll leave a in at the end for censored lines.she's just saying 'omanko and ochinchin - there's no need for anything else...
I'm back!
Fine.
Arihara-kun, shoot it all inside of me!
Just look at Kanna's face; that will tell you how good it was.
Please don't say dangerous things like that...
Y-Yeah...
If I'm going to do it, I want to become like Fumika-san.
I don't know how long it will take, but since I decided to do it, I'm going to try my best.
Fumika, give me an example.
Fumika-san, how can you say that so easily?
Have you ever played an eroge?
Why? How come?!
Voice actors are saying these lines, right?
I want more!
Nagatoshi is my childhood friend, after all.
But it's a good thing that you're a good match with it.
Read it over well and make sure to practice.
How about we try it out?
O-Okay.
Then you bring it in and out, and lick the tip and the side...
It's kind of exciting.
I didn't know it would make me this happy.
I want Onii-chan to feel better.
Say "Take two" at the beginning and go on.
W-Wfscx300-
Take four!
Go on, say it.
Your voice is too low!
Did she just want me to say that or something?
Yeah, that's right.
Her acting has a long way to go, but she's working pretty hard.
Okay, off I go then.
Let's do our best.
I want to touch it, too...
Her voice acting just got more erotic.
Does it feel good?
Something's wrong with me.
Fuck me more!
You're cumming so much!
Onee-chan...
My heart is aching and getting so hot, I think I'm going to melt
Here's your money back
Take your seats, class.
What? Not nice.
I'm Kita from the Class for the Deaf.
Mi...
go...
Hirose, take that side.
"Nishimiya..."
Looking good!
You're welcome.
Where were we, again...
If you're wearing these, can you actually hear?
Nishimiya!
Let's go.
I'm not!
Yes, sir!
And Shimada?
I would never do that!
For Conversations - Shoko Nishimiya, Class 6-2
Mizuho Bank
Let's go home, Sho.
What? If you got something to say, say it!
I don't understand that stupid look,
What the heck?
Wait, she was saying the same thing back in grade school.
I'm off.
Eat up.
By the way, Sho...
I knew something was off!
Oh...
Yes?
Have you submitted your math notebook yet?
Crap. Maybe I should stop being a fan.
You gave me a start.
What is it?
But I wouldn't want the money you earned in order to die, anyway.
I'll earn it again.
You must be starving.
Hey, could you let me borrow your bike?
Stop it.
Somebody help!
She's not here.
Excuse me for asking,
Goodbye.
I'm glad it had your address on it.
Where did you find it?
Wait, Yasho?
Look, Yasho.
I think friendship defies logic or words.
If you're here just to make yourself feel better, please leave.
Hey, laddy!
What's going on?
Sorry, Nagatsuka!
"Who was that shithead?"
I was searching for a reason to meet you."
Ishida...
Shoko's such a fool.
Wh-What is this?
Ishida, come to the staff room.
Uh, I'm not allowed to go out while I'm suspended.
Thanks.
Hey...
Hey...
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
What are you doing?
Seriously.
Oh, you...
They're mine, but I don't wear them anymore.
So, like, relationship problems and all that?
I used her shampoo without asking her.
You're disgusting.
You have one too, right?
Sahara, from grade school?
"Taiyo Girls' Academy."
What the heck? I don't need that much.
Yuzuru has told me lots about you.
Really?
What's wrong?
Okay, got it.
Take one.
Meow Meow Club
Sahara's amazing.
Onward to Meow Meow Club!
Welco
O-One hour, please.
Shall we leave?
Oh, you're here?
I came to play with Maria.
Ueno?
Go, go!
I've always felt I should've reached out to you.
What are you doing, Ueno?
Friends with the girl you bullied?
Nah.
Where I'm going?
Can I open it?
What?
Yeah.
Say, Nagatsuka.
Can
Doesn't seem like they're candy.
Oh.
Hey, where's Nishimiya today?
Though I am still terrified.
Your legs are all wobbly, Sho.
What are you doing?
Are you mad?
Wait.
Wait, Ueno.
Secretly filmed them.
And anytime something happened, you'd immediately apologize.
Because of that, Ishida lost all his friends.
Let's shake hands as two people who hate each other.
Kawai said things were complicated in grade school.
Yeah.
Wait, is that why she was bullied?
Huh? What do you mean?
Are you saying I'm going around telling people about the past?
What're you talking about?
That's right! Ishida bullied Nishimiya!
Nao?
That's messed up.
Stop thinking you can decide everything for others.
Shut up, Sahara.
Oh, buzz off. You don't know the first thing about me.
Sorry, Ishida.
Like you're any better.
This bread...
Heya.
It's a uniform, obviously.
I'll walk you. Where to?
What happened?
Man, best summer break ever!
Right, Yuzuru?
What?
Won't I get slapped again?
Hey...
That looks great!
That's not what I found.
See you.
Pardon me...
Oh, she is here.
Nishimiya, grab the ledge!
Sho.
I finally got to see you.
We caused you trouble once again.
I'm sure my son did something to Shoko again.
You too, Yuzuru.
What is wrong with you two?
I'm so sowwy!
You mean what happened at the bridge?
Yasho accepted a weirdo like me.
I want to fix what I destroyed
She won't hear me unless I yell!
Nishimiya.
Tuesday will be over soon.
Are you okay?
I'm glad you're fine.
Nishimiya,
More or less.
I'd probably created a convenient image of you in my head.
That was probably all.
It was within a dream.
But that wasn't right.
I want to apologize to the others too.
She nursed you the entire time, you know.
Yuzu's upstairs.
Looks good.
Well, I'll give it my best shot.
Is that how they're used?
I can't look at people's faces.
This is my class.
Huh? That's weird.
I'm sorry about everything.
Oh, and...
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Listen, I've got a favor to ask of you all.
"Sell belongings"
"I want to be friends with you all with this notebook."
"Hi, Nishimiya-san. I am Miki Kawai."
Nao-chan, how you say...
Ok.
From page 20 to page 25, and drills of page 32.
First, "fulcrum". The point that supports the strength.
I missed what teacher said again due to her...
Oh...
Nishimiya.
From this sentence.
Ztop do be zdabborn aboud zach zings.
bud I ave no indenzon do zay zorry.
I'm Kita, of a special education class.
Sa - a ...
Ni-shi-mi-ya.
Ishida, you did too much.
I see. I'm sorry.
Well, what kind of house were they living. They lived..
It's filthy!
Yes.
Ueno.
What?
I'd been saying
but Shoya didn't stopped.
How cruel you are..
Ishida-kun, you are too bad.
I see. Yes.
Hey!
"Sign language study club"
I was your classmate of the elementary school...
Nishimiya!
Where?
Nishimiya.
Here it is.
Mama, bye bye!
You worked hard,
I knew something was going on around you!
Hey! Mon!
Ouch!
Kawai...
Can I gather your math homework if you finish it?
Sorry, I'll save up again.
Me?
Oops. Stop it!
Someone please help me!
Oh, dear.
Really!? You are super!
Reason.
are you really a friend of Shoko?
Wh...where was the bike?
Why don't we hang out after school?
Anyway, what are you worrying about?
She is, isn't she?
Oops! ... Dropped.
Are you satisfied?
My friend wants to see Nishimiya-san!
Stop complaining and bring her here right now!
Say that again boy!
It would be sign language.
Oops, he was so creepy!
"I have been looking for all while, this 2 weeks."
Ishida-kun...
Huh?
Hey, boy!
Can I?
This guy.
It would be ok if you do it quickly. Please!!
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
Shoes?
You go home, too.
Hey!
Please eat enough!
Maria, isn't it too hot?
Hi, Yuzuru-kun!
Please!
Why you ran away home?
like that I used Shoko's shampoo without her permission.
I am to be blamed as I brought only one umbrella.
Or you make fun of doing it.
I'm the one who don't worth living.
Hey, let's go.
Hey, it pains.
I'm home.
Then do you have someone you want to add to text?
Don't be joking. I'm not such a girl.
Oops, my money is not enough.
Use this.
I'm Sahara!
What kind of school you are going to?
I see.
Discount coupon!
I cannot behave like her...
Yeah, I know, I know.
Yes, you can.
So did you.
Let's go home then.
I don't know.
Ueno, get off my bike.
Why she has a pouch of the cat cafe I'm working in?
H..hey!!
Ueno! What are you doing!?
Oh, understand. A kind of sense of guilt?
I'z mornigg.
"Where are you going?"
Oh, sorry.
Oh?
About this?
Nishimiya gave them just now,
Oh, really!?
Huh, what did sis tried to tell?
I guess that would make her mad.
Follow me so that you don't lost!
Yeah, of course.
Huh?
I'm in the same class of the same high school with her now.
I had been scared to ride when in the elementary school.
Haha.
Mashiba-kun, go away faster!
Can I...?
Oops.
Don't jump to such a conclusion at your discretion.
H--hey!
Nishimiya-san, let's ride a ferris whee together.
But I don't wanna say you let's be friends now.
But how about being peaceful between you and me?
After all,
Ueno--san, right?
Sorry, Nagatsuka-kun..
Ya-sho!
Nao-chan..
originally you are to blamed, I think.
Mashiba-kun said so, and..
What's not?
You're right. We are different.
I was scared to both of you.
Why don't we go somewhere fun together?
You don't join senior people groups and study sign language all the time.
Then so do I. I also do what I'm doing for myself.
Really?
How about a sweet manju?
But it is in summer vacation now.
Uhh..
If I say something.. a kind of cosplay!?
I'll take you. Where?
Yes it does..
It's enough here.
Bye.
Oops!
Nishimiya said that
Then let's go to see a movie!
Hahaha, how funny it is!
What a fruitful summer holidays this year!
It's really full of happiness.
How about tomorrow?
to make a birthday cake for our mother.
What? Why is this guy here?
By the way, Yuzuru.
Humm, I'd like to pass.
I see.
See you again.
can you go to our apartment to pick up my camera?
Is the charging ok..?
Wait, wait! Wait a moment!
Nishimiya..!?
Oh, that is ok now.
Why?
I thought seeing these photo
I learned what real friends are at that moment,
for the first time.
Ya-sho is my "big friend",
You speaking too loud, Kawai-san...
So,
I am
Tuesday is almost over.
Nishimiya.
This..
Nishimiya
you to
help me
live.
Oops!
Hey, customer! You arrived!
You die? die? dieeeeeee?
Is she Ueno-san?
She have attended and took care of you when you were asleep.
Huh, may be ok not to force to change myself...
Thank you.
Hi, welcome back, Sho-chan.
That's right. My son is immortal.
Yes. Shoko gave me a good trigger to resume.
Oh!
I'm feeling like a kind of stomachache.
So, Ya-sho, please please,
This was a pray icon for your recovery.
This is.. "thousand paper cranes"
I really worked hard to collect a thousand,
but I couldn't it is far less than a thousand...
I've never gotten anything like that before,
And, I am sorry.
Oh...Ishida-kun.
Don't say so.
I have not changed, too.
You gave me special time even when my heart had been broken
Ah...I fell in love... I don't remember since when
we can walk without losing way
Total semuanya sekitar 30 ribu.
Duduk di bangku kalian masing-masing.
Gimana lomba paduan suara coba?
Sudahlah, lanjut.
Jijik, tahu!
Hebat, bukan?
Ni-shi-mi-ya.
Ishida, kamu kelewatan.
Setiap alat bantu dengar berharga sangat mahal.
Kau juga ikut-ikutan, kan?!
Aku tidak pernah melakukan itu.
Ya, baik.
Cerewet, aku lompat ke sungai seperti biasa.
Hei, kamu apain mejaku?
Apa?
Buku jurnal tidak ada yang isi.
Aku Shoya Ishida saat kelas enam SD.
Nishimiya, tunggu!
Yo.
Mungkin enggak pantas dilihat.
Ini, Sho-chan.
Selamat makan.
...kenapa kamu mencoba bunuh diri?
Sudah kuduga.
Kamarmu bersih tak ada barang!
Kamu menyobek dari bulan April.
Ini uang 1,7 juta hasil dari keringatmu!
Kemarin aku mencoba bunuh diri dengan melompat dari jembatan tinggi.
Apa sih yang kukatakan?
Shimada bilang begini saat upacara siswa baru SMP.
karena aku adalah manusia yang pantas menerima hukuman.
Cepat kerjakan, ya.
"Semua orang tahu lho."
Hei, aku sudah beli di hari pertama dijual lho.
Kumohon tolong aku!
Aku ingin suatu alasan yang cerdik dan alami.
Enggak ada.
Bukan apa-apa.
Toh kita sudah jadi teman.
Eng... kamu...
Pulang saja kalau niatmu ingin memuaskan diri sendiri.
Hei, Nak!
Jangan menghalangi dan biarkan dia!
Mereka bertengkar.
Aku lengah!
Sial, mereka jadi bertemu.
...bertemu denganmu."
Ada apa dengan Ishida?
"Sampai jumpa."
Sebentar saja.
Hah? Kenapa?
Dia anak kakakku.
Kakak mana?
-- Aaaa! -- Tolong, ya.
Sudahlah, bawa saja. Harus.
Makasih.
Maksudmu masalah yang dialami semua pasangan?
Kelakuanmu menjijikan.
Ah, aku tidak berniat mengganggu hubungan kalian berdua.
Ibu Nishimiya...
Ayo.
Maaf.
Aku ingin minum jus buatan Nenek.
Yuzuru.
Hei, Bocah, tak kusangka kamu baik hati.
Yasho?
Benarkah?
Ya, baiklah.
Silakan!
Sa, satu jam saja.
Oh, rupanya kamu.
Aku taruh di sini oleh-olehnya.
Ueno, turun.
Apa kabar?
Yuzuru.
Sarapan sudah siap.
Kakak, hari ini kuncir kuda.
Ishida, kamu mau ke mana?
Pakai bahasa isyarat.
Entahlah.
Ishida, dia siapa?
Apa dia kenalan Shoko?
Mari kita mulai!
Selera Nao menjadi pelajaran bagiku.
Saat SD aku tidak mau naik karena takut.
Tapi, aku mencoba mengubah pandangan.
Kamu berusaha belajar bahasa isyarat, ya?
Nagatsuka, apa rambutmu asli?
Aku mau makan takoyaki.
Terima kasih.
Hei.
Andai saja dia tidak ada, aku dan Sahara tidak akan canggung.
Pertemananmu dengan Shimada pun tidak akan pecah.
Ishida, apa kamu membenciku?
Ada video yang perlu kamu lihat.
Video di bianglala?
Ya.
Maka dari itu, aku mengubah caraku.
Ada apa, Yasho?
Ya, Ishida-lah yang suka merisak Nishimiya.
Yasho?
Tetapi,
Hentikan.
Yasho, aku selalu berada di pihakmu.
Hari ini enggak datang, ya?
Aku antar. Ke mana?
Aku antar.
Ishida.
Wah, luar biasa.
Nishimiya?
Kenapa ada dia di sini?
Kakakmu yang minta.
Eh? Padahal foto-fotoku menjijikan.
Kenapa kalian seenaknya?
Belajar?
Oh.
Biar aku antar.
Nishimiya?
Wah, Yuzuru.
Sekarang sudah tidak apa.
Lagi-lagi kita bertemu karena masalah.
Berusaha jadi tokoh cewek penting, hah?
"Aku merepotkan semua orang,
Maaf.
Saya minta maaf.
Kami mengkhawatirkanmu.
Karena itu, kamu harus menerima hal buruk sekalipun
aku tidak bisa menghadapinya.
Maria, sedang menyiram bunga ya?
Maria, Sho-chan hidup kembali.
Lihat ini, Ishida.
Ya, benar.
Selamat jalan!
Kalau saja kamu enggak sadarkan diri, aku enggak tahu harus bagaimana!
Aku pun juga sama.
Sifatmu selalu begini, ya.
Apa boleh?
Ayo ke aula!
A Silent Voice
Es ist ein Mdchen.
Und?
Ich bin taub.
Hier. Hoffentlicht knnen wir Freunde werden.
Nishimiya.
Aua, das tut weh.
Ok das reicht.
Du musst die Sachen besser angehen, sonst fangen die Leute noch an dich zu hassen.
Wenn ihr Zeichensprache benutzt, dann wrde Shoko es viel einfacher haben.
ko...
"Sa."
Alles sauber.
Lass reinhauen.
Entschuldigung.
Sie ist vollkommen durchgeknallt
Bis spter Shoya.
Es geht um Shoko Nishimiya, die heute nicht da ist.
Besonders Ueno und Kawai.
Bleib stehen!
Das waren sogenannte "aliens," und sie hatten es wirklich schwer.
Was machst du da?
Schonwieder dieser Gesichtsausdruck?
Was zur Hlle?
Ich versteh dich nicht!
Ich hab das Klassenbuch nicht bekommen.
Von der sechsten Klasse.
Warte!
Nishimiya!
Hey.
Frhstck!
Nunja...
Ich wusste das etwas faul war!
Ich werde kein Selbstmord begehen.Versprochen!
Was wirst du nicht tun? Sag es nochmal!
Er verursacht nur rger.
Also gut.
Oh man...
Kommst du mit raus?
Ich werd einfach wieder dafr arbeiten.
Hey, leih mir mal dein Fahrrad aus.
Ich will es holen gehen.
Hey, hr endlich auf.
Freunde...
Da ist er ja!
Wir sind ja beste Freunde.
Das ist alles.
Nishimiya steht also auf Jngere?
Hr auf dich wie ein Arsch zu benehmen und hol sie einfach her!
Was ist dort denn los?
Nimm es zurck!
Ich freu mich fr dich Ishida.
Macht es Spa sie zu fttern?
Das bist doch du, oder?
Was zum Teufel?
Ich hab hunger!
Ich mach mich dann mal auf den Weg.
Halt den Regenschirm auch ber dein Kopf.
aber ich bin Shokos...
Yuduru!
ob wir uns fernhalten oder nicht.
Yasho, Yasho.
Du scheichelst mir zu seh.
Was gibts?
Kacke, ich hab zu wenig Geld.
Bist du mde? Yuzuru hat mir deine Nummer gegeben. Danke, dass du mir hilfst.
Ich hab immer weiter Zeichensprache gelernt.
Ich hab mir die ganze Zeit Sorgen gemacht.
Ich war ziemlich berrascht.
Wirklich?
Okay, alles klar.
Wir haben Gutscheine!
Meow Meow Club
"Meow Meow Club"?
Seh ich auch so.
U-Und was ist mit dir?
Denkst du, dass Nishimiya das gefallen wrde?
Nishimiya?
Ist das nicht Nishimiya?
Hmm? Ich passe.
Ich hab es ihr geschenkt.
Huh? Du hast nur eins?
Das ist es nicht...
Ich bin dann mal weg.
Bin wach. Es ist zu hell drauen.
Warum...?
Was ist das?
...desm.
...desm.
Sehen die Dinger wie ein Mond fr dich aus?
Ist was passiert?
So ist es halt mit Mdchen.
Ist eigentlich nicht so schwer zu verstehen, aber ich habs nicht hinbekommen.
Wer zuerst da ist!
Wir sind in der gleichen Klasse in der Schule.
Angst habe ich aber trotzdem.
Wir sind uns ziemlich hnlich.
Doch es stimmt.
Ich wei es aber.
Und du und Shimanda wren auch noch befreundet.
Ich will, dass die Dinge wieder so sind wie frher.
hatte ich keine Ahnung ber dich oder was du durchmachen musstest.
Auf einmal war alles anders.
Wir haben damals alles getan, was wir konnten.
Warum behauptest du, dass ich jedem ber deine Vergangenheit erzhle?
Er hat immer weiter gemacht.
Es war also kein "wir", es warst nur du!
Was denkst du darber Sahara?
Raus damit Sahara.
Ich hatte vor euch beiden Angst.
Halt die Klappe Sahara.
Es ist mir egal.
Sorry Ishida.
Willst du irgendwo...
Du solltest dich auch ein wenig um dich kmmern.
Ich mache das aber fr mich, also zhlt das nicht.
Ist von meiner Schwester. Ich muss los.
Danke Ishida.
Das ist toll!
Was?
Was machst du hier?
Verschwinde!
Nur so am Rande Yuzuru.
Da bin ich aber ganz anderer Meinung.
War dein Mutter...
Nishimiya?
Nishimiya, halt dich am Vorsprung fest!
Sie haben ihn heute ins Pflegezimmer gebracht.
Ich bin mir sicher, dass mein Sohn Shoko wieder was angetan hat.
Es tut mir Leid.
Bitte. Ich flehe euch an.
kotzen mich so sehr an!
Hrt auf.
Et tut mia so Leid!
Zum ersten Mal hatte ich einen "besten Freund".
Du musst lernen, Dinge zu akzeptieren, auch wenn du es nicht magst.
Ich will, dass alles wieder beim Alten wird
Nishimiya.
Nishimiya...
Hey.
Nishimiya,
und am Ende hast du eine dumme Entscheidung getroffen.
Ishida.
Da hast du richtig gehrt.
Von: Shoko Nishimiya Hi Ishida Alle meinten, dass wir morgen zu deinem Schulfest kommen sollten. Ich bin um 10 beim Einfang. Yuzuru und Mom kommen spter.
Es tut mir Leid, was ich gesagt habe.
Was?
Ich bin so froh, dass es dir wieder gut geht!
Und, danke dir.
N-Nah, es ist perfekt!
Davon bekomm ich ja Gnsehaut.
Ishida...
Ich hab mich kein Stck gebessert.
Sekolah Rendah Gred 6 Kelas 2
"Saya mahu berkawan dengan awak semua melalui buku nota ini."
Si pelik!
"Tanya sekali lagi."
Baiklah, sila tulis apa yang cikgu akan beritahu.
Awak bermula terlalu awal.
Zudah tulomglah beti, lagan beguduh lali. sudah tolonglah berhenti, jangan bergaduh lagi
Hei awak,
Erm, saya mahu belajar bahasa isyarat.
Sa - ara
Kan!
Kelas masih belum tamat.
Bukankah ini bermaksud, awak sebenarnya boleh mendengar?
Boleh saya tengoknya sekejap?
Kamu sudah melebihlah.
Apa? Pergilah.
Jika ada antara kamu yang tahu sedikit sebanyak mengenai kes buli ini
berdiri!
Shimada, pula?
Kamu bukan sekali dengan saya, kan?
Tunggu...
Lagi-lagi, tersenyum.
Awak sebenarnya sedang marah, kan!?
Apa yang awak cakap!
Erm, erm awak ingat saya tak?
Itu...
Kenapa bahasa isyarat? Awak tanya?
Tolonglah jangan menangis, Nishimiya.
Sho-tan sudah bangun!
Betul?
Dia seorang...
Y-Ya.
Saya juga.
boleh ke bertemu dengan Nishimiya lagi?
Lagipun, macam mana saya nak pergi tanpa sebarang alasan?
Apa dia?
Tapikan... mak tak mungkin akan gunakan apa-apa duit yang kamu bagi
Saya bagi pinjam saya punya.
Tak ada,
awak ni betul ke kawan dia?
Kalau begitu.
Ke-Kenapa?
O-Oh, itu dia!
Memandangkan kita sekarang sudah berkawan.
Saya rasakan Ishida-kun,
Itu, erm?
Nagatsuka-kun, kenapa kamu ke sini?
Rambut najis, rambut najis, rambut najis!
Tunggu, eh?
Nagatsuka-kun, Nagatsuka-kun,
Hmm?
Be-tul-Be-tullah!
Jangan jatuh pula, budak.
"Sejujurnya,"
"Bertemu dengan awak lagi"
"Saya gembira."
Bodohlah, Shoko...
"Saya betul-betul minta maaf kerana terjun ke Sungai Suimon dari jambatan,
Ada seseorang di sini!
Hoi, kamu tak apa-apa ke?
Makan banyak-banyak!
Yuzuru-kun, kamu tak nak makan ke?
Apa kamu buat.
Ini, pegang.
Sayalah yang patutnya dipersalahkan kerana cuma membawa satu payung sahaja.
Lagipun saya tak nak kekasih Nishimiya basah dan jatuh sakit.
Awak lelaki yang macam mana? Jenis munafik?
Hei.
Awak ni menjijikkan.
Oh, saya tak berniat untuk campur tangan dalam hubungan kamu berdua.
Cukup di sini.
Hoi, budak!
Ah, saya..
Tapi Mashiba-kun juga..
Saya gembira mendengar yang awak cuba mencari Sahara-san!
Sho-chan!
Agak terkejut.
Saya pun fikir begitu juga.
Mari teruskan, Nagatsuka-kun.
Ya, terima kasih banyak.
Oh, awak datang ke.
Kesiannya!
Hah, tak terima kasih sajalah.
Erm, Ueno, tolong turun.
Hanya kawan.
Tak penting pun.
Jun todun surapang. Jom turun sarapan
Kamu boleh nampak bulan tak dari ini?
Tunggu, hentikannya awak semua.
Saya cuma tergesa-gesa datang lewat pagi ni.
Eh, tapi itu sangat sesuai.
Ehh, kenapa.
Ehh.
Kadang-kadang perempuan ni lain sikit awak tahu?
Betul juga.
Dia nampak sangat akrab dengan kakak.
Ueno... Kenapa..
Yea!!
Tapi nampaknya saya masih takut lagi.
Hoi, ini betul tangan kamu ke?
Apa!? Hentikannya!
Hoi! Berhenti main rambut saya!
Jom ikut saya sekali.
Awak marah ke?
Ishida dan saya lebih kurang sama, kan?
Ishida, awak benci ke pada saya?
Mungkin.
Oh, saya terasa mahu naik roda ferris pula.
Tak perlu gunanya.
dan saya juga akan dengar apa yang awak nak cakap.
Ketika kita di sekolah rendah,
Jadi sebab itulah saya mengubah cara saya.
Itu sebagai mesej supaya awak jangan nak dekat-dekat dengan kami lagi.
Eh, kenapa?
Masa sekolah rendah, ada sesuatu yang berlaku katanya Kawai-san.
Ya.
Kan, Ishida-kun?
Eh!? Nishimiya-san!?
Saya juga... benci pada diri saya...
Betul...
Maaf tentang perkara tadi.
memang dari awal lagi yang bersalahnya adalah Ishida-kun, kan.
Awak cuma melihat dirinya dibuli dan hanya ketawakannya.
Takut pada awak berdua.
Hentikannya.
Ya-sho,
Jangan menyibuklah, kamu cuma orang asing.
Nenek jadi risau tengok kamu, Yuzuru.
Nenek mula ikut aktiviti berkumpulan dan belajar bahasa isyarat, kan.
Yuzu, kamu memang budak baik.
Shoko juga buat yang terbaik.
Kenapa dengan pakaian awak?
Esok macam mana kalau kita keluar lagi!
Oh, nampak menyelerakan!
Kita berjaya, kakak!
Ok ke kat sini?
Ehh, bunga api belum habis lagilah?
Ini masih dicas ke..?
Eh, Nishimiya, awak kat situ.
Saya akan berusaha sebaik mungkin.
Eh, Yuzuru-chan...
Anak saya mesti sudah buat sesuatu yang salah pada Shoko-san.
Ishida lah yang menyelamatkan kakak saya yang bodoh.
Jangan nak bermegah diri sangatlah!
Kalau awak tak pandai nak jaga anak awak,
Hentikannya.
Soyu... mina manaf. Saya minta maaf
Ke-tat-nya.
Semua orang pun laluinya.
kita mesti meneruskan hidup kita walau apa jua dugaan,
dan menyayangi kehidupan yang diberikan termasuklah kelemahan kita.
Awak sungguh hebat...
Saya masih tak dapat mengubah diri saya.
Saya
Jedab soyu gak tenah belubah, Sebab saya tak pernah berubah
dodally blamed. Patut dipersalahkan
Akan tetapi,
Apa yang sudah saya buat!
Ishida-kun.
Saya minta maaf.
Oh, tak... saya juga sama.
Betul tu. Anak saya ni agak kebal tau.
Bawakan sekali makanan ringan dari peti sejuk untuk dia.
Awak sudah mula bersekolah balik, ya?
Shoko yang memberi saya semangat untuk kembali bersekolah.
Oh! Itu!
Itu ke kegunaan benda tu!
Tak apa walaupun saya melihat ke bawah?
Terima kasih, Nishimiya.
Tentang apa yang terja-
Jangan fikirkan lagi dengan apa
Selepas kami mendengar Nagatsuka-kun memanggil nama Ishida-kun.
Mashiba-kun, juga.
Bu-loh! Haka Baka
Ah, sudahlah.
Mengagumkan yang dia masih lagi boleh bersekolah.
Ahh...
Tolong dirikan wajahmu
Sit down, everyone.
Well,
Oh...
Huh?
So today
I'm not wrong.
Okay! I'm sorry!
Ueno.
"I'm sorry."
or been damaged in just five months.
Especially Ueno and Kawai.
Huh?
I'm very sorry.
I don't know.
What were you doing? Disgusting!
Every time, you show that disgusting smile instead.
Doigg mah bezd...
What are you saying?
Hi.
Well...
I... and...
Maria, good morning.
By the way, Sho-chan...
I knew it!
Really.
about killing myself by jumping into a river from a high bridge.
that I had to take responsibility for all of my actions.
Thus, I was isolated.
Can I collect your math homework?
Okay.
"Why is he still alive?"
Oh.
Me, too.
Huh?
I burned your hard-earned money.
Tuesday.
You should use your own.
Stop it, please.
Stop it!
Please, help me! Help, help!
I'll... lend you mine.
That's it!
A bike! It's yours, isn't it?
Your name...
Ishida-kun, come, come!
"Ya-sho"?
What does "friends" mean?
I think, Ishida-kun,
It's a ridiculous idea.
The bread, that is, not me.
Hey.
You're peeping now, aren't you?
Tsk!
Hey! Wait, Nishimiya!
What's this?
What?
Hey!
She said that she doesn't need me.
Eh?
I'm the one who doesn't deserve to live.
But...
Thanks.
Hey, it hurts.
Hey.
Shoko, the same goes for you.
Nagatsuka-kun, she's not a boy...
Your classmates?
But I know her school.
Oh, I don't have enough.
Hey!
Sho-chan?
I continued studying sign language after that.
Oh, really?
Hello! We handing out discount coupons!
Discount coupon!
Hmm?
Oh, would Nishimiya like this pouch?
Nee-chan?
Just friends.
What's happened?
Nee-chan.
It's perfectly fine.
Thanks.
... ige... oo...
Wanna go out and watch a movie?
Candy?
but I'm not sure what they are.
Oh, really!?
Maybe she's avoiding me...
Why?
but I couldn't understand her.
If you want to know if she's avoiding you or not,
She'll say no if she's angry.
Ishida.
Are you all ready?
I want takoyaki.
Sorry, but I'll text you later.
If Nishimiya-san hadn't come, we all would've been happy.
Hidden camera.
Let's not use it.
I'll speak clearly so that you can understand,
you didn't understand and got back at us
As a result, Ishida lost his friends.
So what?
that kind of bully.
Mashiba-kun!
What!? Nishimiya-san?
No, nothing special.
Nao-chan actually bullied Nishimiya-san, too.
Don't treat me like yourself.
see you later.
I don't think so.
Today, I got some good bread.
Nishimiya didn't come today?
I'll go home now...
If I had to say... cosplay?
Why?
Then I don't care if you follow me.
Ishida.
Nishimiya said that
The person who made Nishimiya unhappy
even a monster has
a heart..
Then let's go see a movie!
This is so funny!
Hey!
Let's go together.
June
Are you still mad?
I finally found you.
Please stop!
zorry.
I can't open it...
She's holding it shut!
Do you mean what happened at the bridge?
for the first time.
Thank you for meeting me, Sho-chan.
This...
I'm glad to know
Actually...
I ab
Just ago,
I talked to you in my dreams.
Perhaps I had tried to give up on many things in my life.
But I realized that I was wrong.
I'm still, or even more so,
Look at this, Ishida.
I wanna meet her expectations.
Good morning.
I can walk by myself, you know.
Thank you, Nishimiya.
Here is my class.
Are you okay now?
Ya-sho?
Nagatsuka---kun?
Why you are looking downward?
But I'm scared...
for so many things...
Kawai-san, you have something for Ishida-kun,
Yes, I do.
I asked everyone again and again, but..
Oh, she ran away.
Is it okay?
Dng hnh thanh m
"Ngy cui cng"
Lp 62
"Mnh b khim thnh"
, l "Sho-chan"!
B ci lo 4 mt!
e.........
Vy nn cc em...
I...jo...ko
OK xong ri!
Lm g c!?
Vi, Nishimiya-san lm tht ka?
Em th sao, Shimada?
Ngn hng
Huh?
Ny!
V... m...
Dy n sng thi!
Cho bui sng, Maria.
ci ny!
Oh.
Kawai...
Cu ta l ai nh?
M...
Sao th h m?
Ti ?
... ....
Mt l do
 ng ri!
Ishida-kun.
Khng u!
N ngon lm!
Tha mn ri...
My... thng ranh con!!!
D...D thc ra th....
Ishida-kun...
Ny nhc?!
"Gp cu sau"
H ny ny!
Ci g y?
Ny, Shoya.
Chu i ri!
Ti hiu
Yu-ju,
No... ch!
M...
 m ny...
Cu mun nhn tin...
Cho ai khng?
t mun hi cu!
Ishida-kun.
Cho t kim tra xem no!
Mew mew club...
Tt nhin ri!
N...Ny!!!
Xin li nh, Nishimiya.
y... ... t xin li!
Huh?...
Ra vy!
Oh!
Bn ca ch Shoko ?
H?!!
Mnh c th...
 ny!
Ch l t ngh...
Trn ci u quay ?
T... T... .... in... i!
ng khng, Ishida-kun?
C chuyn g vy?
T... t...
C cu na, Sahara.
Sho-chan,
Gp cu sau nh!
Xin li nh, Ishida.
nn..
Huh...?
Cm n anh nh Ishida.
Tm bit nh!
Shoko, con nh lm g?
M ny, Yuzuru.
M cu...
Ra vy!
T hiu ri!!
 y ri!
Nishimiya?
Nishimiya..!?
Ch con lm bnh cho con ka!
Tha c, ch Shoko...
Chuyn g th h?!
k l, nh?
Thi, tm bit nh!
H! Nishimiya!
Nishimiya
Cu khng sao ch?
Qun ht chng i!
Ishida.
i vo thi no!
Xin li nh!
T thy s!
Cu...
Xin li cu,...
Okay, introduce yourself.
Holy crap!
Do you have a nickname?
Have you all heard of sign language?
Isn't it amazing?
Using sign language would make things much easier for Shoko.
ko...
What are you doing, Ishida?
And a star.
Really? I think it's just right.
Let's bounce.
Where were we, again...
Right, what kind of houses they lived in.
Made you jump, huh?
What? Move.
Lemme go! You're creeping me out!
It's about Shoko Nishimiya, who's absent today.
They were called "aliens," and they had a really hard time.
Drop the goody-two-shoes act!
I don't understand that stupid look,
and it pisses me off!
Why I know sign language?
Anyway, here.
Could you be friends with me?
Breakfast time!
Eat up.
You even sold off your manga, clothes, and bed.
Sorry, I won't do it! Seriously!
Hey, Mom!
Friends...
Crap. Maybe I should stop being a fan.
Sorry.
I'll earn it again.
Starving!
Let go!
I need a really neat, natural-sounding excuse.
I-Is Nishimiya here?
Oh, right. This is good bread.
What are friends, anyway?
I think friendship defies logic or words.
If you're here just to make yourself feel better, please leave.
I followed you.
Hey, laddy!
Ow!
Shoko's such a fool.
"See you again"...
Hey...
What are you doing here?
I mean, I can kinda guess why you did it.
I'm hungry!
You should go home soon too.
She's my sister's!
What are you doing?
You can have them.
I had a fight with Shoko.
Okay.
I'm back.
How are you doing?
Wow, laddy.
Yasho, Yasho.
So?
Remember Sahara from grade school? Do you know how to contact her?
Sho!
I've kept studying sign language.
Really?
Let me check!
O-One hour, please.
We're not exactly friends...
Elaborate.
Bug!
Wait, what?
Long time no see.
Friends? That's hilarious!
I can't. This is too funny.
I'll get going, then.
I'm up. Too surprised to sleep.
Sorry!
For me?
Why, you ask?
The other day, Mashiba said he'd like to be friends with you.
Don't go over my head!
When I was in grade school, I was too scared to ride a rollercoaster.
I was a coward, you see.
But I tried changing my perspective a little.
You must've worked hard to pick it up, Ishida.
You don't need to play peacemaker.
Ishida!
I'm not mad.
I was just hoping you two could go back to being friends.
We don't know that.
Wait, Ueno.
Listen.
So how about we take it easy from now on?
Are you going to apologize again?
I want Nishimiya to come to love herself.
Did something happen between her and Nishimiya?
Kawai said things were complicated in grade school.
Sorry, Nagatsuka.
Something wrong?
But it was all your fault to begin with.
You're asking me?
I hate that line of thinking.
I've had it! I'm leaving!
Ishida, you're too awful.
Wait, that's weird.
Hang in there, Yuzuru.
This is great!
There, there, Mom.
What's the big deal? It's a happy occasion.
By the way, Yuzuru.
Let's celebrate your nineteenth together, okay?
I went and said "together"!
Oh, is that so?
I see...
Oh, she is here.
Why, Nishimiya?
Auntie!
They moved him to a ward room today.
Please don't!
"I caused everyone trouble and was really hurt by it,
But we're all in the same boat, aren't we?
I'm not as strong as you.
Even when Ishida does wake up, I won't know how to face him.
Thank you for coming, Sho.
Nihimiya!
Nishimiya...
Hey.
Nishimiya,
Come on. Don't cry.
Oh, right.
I'm sorry.
I hadn't actually apologized to you for what I did to you in the past.
You fell becas I couldn jange!
but I realized it didn't mean that I deserved to die.
Nishimiya.
S-Sorry! Forget it!
Atta girl.
Oh, Sho.
Well, I'll give it my best shot.
How've you been?
I'm sorry I said all those mean things.
Is that how they're used?
Morning.
So I feel much better when I look down.
Sorry.
Nagatsuka?
Huh? That's weird.
Don't go anywhere!
Yasho.
What's with the moustache?
Oh.
I brought them, but I can't give him those. They came out really badly.
Come on.
Oh, forget it.
I'll go get some fried chicken.
She was too embarrassed.
Hey, sit down all.
You lucky! A girl.
Hi, nice to meet you.
What? Not funny at all!
From page 20 to page 25, and drills of page 32.
Nishimiya-san,
You are too fast to start.
teach you the timing, ok?
Thank you.
bud I ave no indenzon do zay zorry.
Agree!
You are welcome.
Wh--What?
Oh my god,
Nishimiya-san.
If any of you know anything about bullying
What?
And, girls said mean things about her so many times.
Shoya.
I don't know.
What is she doing?
Don't pretend to be a good girl!
What?
You are angry, aren't you!?
Nishimiya.
I leaned it.
friends?
I finally understood what you said...
Oh...Please don't cry.
Yah, actually,
Sorry.
You'll stop what, say clearly!
When just entered junior high school, Shimada said;
Can I gather your math homework if you finish it?
Huh?
She said she will be there every Tuesday.
I'm very sorry for what happened in the morning.
Someone please help me!
Oh, dear.
I...I'll lend you my own.
Actually, today of all days is Tuesday.
Something very smart,
A discount coupon for just-baked tasty bread?
Well...Is Nishimiya-san here?
Don't be afraid. It won't come again.
Wh...where was the bike?
You can tell me anything, cause we're real friends.
It's a ridiculous idea.
Wh---what are you saying?!
Wow, I didn't know he has such a skill.
Tsk!
Oh, I was just reminded.
Hey! wait, Nishimiya!
Oh! She fell!
Did you see this?
What?
Sho-tan!
What?
I am the person who uploaded the photo.
I am relieved to hear that.
Ok!
Please eat up!
How about sis?
Yuzuru-kun, why aren't you eating?
What's the matter with you.
I was worried as you disappeared in the night.
I knew that.
Hey, you live together with her!?
You feel pleasure in taking care of a poor stray cat?
You are her little sister!?
Bye!
Hey, let's go.
Yu-ju,
Hey, sis!
Nice to see you!
To return his umbrella I was lent the other day.
Na-ga-tsu-ka.
Then you enjoy texting?
Don't joke like that. I'm not that kind of girl.
Oops, I don't have enough money.
Ishida-kun.
When you need travel, meal, and then love hotel expenses,
We are here!
Are you tired?
You disappearing when we were in elementary school
I see.
Can we use this coupon?
Yes, you can.
I was simply interested in your old friend.
What?
Long time no see!
Huh?
She seems still alone, haha.
Nishimiya-san, long time no see! Are you doing well?
So many carp. Feeding manpower and short on bread.
I'm going to a bread shop.
Wait, wait. Sign language! Sign language!
Thanks.
...What are these?
...Thank you very much.
About this?
I lige moo!
Huh? I can't see a moon in it at all.
It is not candies.
I see.
Why...why you are here today.
I couldn't understand the very simple words said.
That's good idea.
Oh!
Are you all ready?
Sahara-san are you and Ueno going to be ok?
I'm learning a lot from her taste in clothes.
Hey, it comes!
"Are you ok?"
What!? Don't be silly!
Hey! Stop touching my hair!
Friends!
Let go to buy some together.
Shi...Shimada...
We are not.
Well.
and the friendship between Ishida and Shimada wouldn't have been broken.
Ishida, you hate me?
But, I think you didn't understand us, too.
Our view was very narrow in our childhood,
Zat'z nod gorregd...
Yes. Ueno?
if Ishida-kun apologizes first,
Stop it.
You will ran away after everything, like the last time and regret it,
Sorry, Ishida.
starting next week,
You'll hurt your eyes reading in such a dark place.
You don't join senior people groups and you study sign language all the time.
Really?
Hummm, does this sound strange?
Hey, Yuzu...
Hahaha, it's really funny!
I don't know..
How about tomorrow?
What are you going to make?
Hey!
What?
Oh thank you.
"Study"..
Wait, wait! Wait a moment!
I won't escape from my challenges of life.
Nishimiya-san..I'm sorry.
What should I have done?
Do you mean what happened at the bridge?
so I am totally at a loss until he wakes up again.
I'm still a coward.
Yes.
Nishimiya.
Begauze I had nod jenged,
Everizing would go vell
Wow!
Maria, Sho-chan came back to life.
Welcome back!
Well, I will do my best.
Oh!
They are used like that!
Here is my class.
Ya-sho.
what happened at the bridge.
never go far away and leave me behind!
Nagatsuka-kun.
I've never gotten anything like this before,
I'm sorry, Ishida-kun.
I'm amazed he can even show his face at school.
So stop crying any more
You gave me special time even when my heart had been broken
has been same and not changed
since the past times.
You think I care?
Listen up.
Please use it when you need to talk to me.
Holy crap!
Her nickname's Sho.
What? Not nice.
Then there's the effort, force that's applied at one point.
I'll tell you when to start, okay?
Once more, from the top.
Screw you too, four-eyes.
Let's leave.
You're gross!
Yes?
"Sa."
You're going too far, man.
Made you jump, huh?
Gross!
You overdid it, man.
Let's go.
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
Have any of you spotted any acts of bullying or harassment toward Nishimiya?
Why would you say that?
Shoya.
I don't understand that stupid look,
and it pisses me off!
Come on, out with it!
What the heck?
I don't get it!
Nishimiya transferred out.
And who was on flower duty?
Sign Language Class
Wait!
Why I know sign language?
Here you go, Sho.
W-Well, a lot happened...
I knew it.
If you don't promise not to kill yourself, I'll burn this up.
Ow!
Friends...
Morning.
All right, then.
You gave me a start.
Let go, dude.
Somebody help!
Help me!
Let go!
Want some, Nagatsuka?
To mark the start of our friendship.
Wait, Yasho?
You see, Ishida...
Are we done here?
Let go.
I was searching for a reason to meet you."
Er...
Bread. For the carp.
Wait, Nishimiya!
Ow!
Suspension Notice The following student has failed to follow the school's code of conduct in public and has thus been suspended for a week. Class 3-B - Shoya Ishida
I was the one who tweeted that pic of you.
You should go home soon too.
Ow!
She's my sister's!
Is it too hot, Maria?
Oh, Yuzuru.
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
Let's go.
Yuduru!
Wow, laddy.
Nagatsuka, that's not a "laddy."
She's Nishimiya's little sister.
I-I got a cellphone.
Wow, nice.
Don't worry about it, Yasho.
Huh? Ishida?
Long time no see, huh?
What's your cup size?
Meow Meow Club
Meow Meow Club
Shall we go in, Nagatsuka?
Onward to Meow Meow Club!
I'm only here to meet your friend. No dirty thoughts whatsoever.
Right. Your friend...
Ueno?
Go, go!
Wait, what?
Isn't that Nishimiya?
Seriously, Ishida. It's been ages.
See you.
Yeah?
Id monig.
Hey, Nishimiya.
You don' have do buy
Yoohoo! Are you free now? Let's go watch a movie! From your big friend Nagatsuka
Something happen?
You look great!
Why?
Follow me, and don't fall behind!
Ishida.
What's with her?
Can I sit with you, Sahara?
When I was in grade school, I was too scared to ride a rollercoaster.
Hey! What's with your hand?
Here's your takoyaki.
Look, Ueno.
Wait.
You and I are alike.
We don't know that.
Probably.
Take this with you, Sis.
Video of the Ferris wheel?
Yeah.
Because of that, Ishida lost all his friends.
It's not like I want you to apologize.
Nishimiya really can't hear, huh?
What's wrong, Yasho?
It was so scary.
Sorry, Nagatsuka.
Hey.
What right do we have to criticize Ishida over it?
Nao...
I'm not like you at all. You just laughed and fell in line with what I was doing!
I was only telling the truth!
Neither of you!
You don't have to put it like that.
All you've ever cared about is yourself.
I'm on your side, okay.
Oh, buzz off. You don't know the first thing about me.
I've been blessed with truly amazing granddaughters.
So...
Seriously, what's up?
Do whatever you want.
Hang in there, Yuzuru.
Why are you apologizing?
Of course not!
Okay, Nishimiya?
I wanna see the ocean.
Hey, Nishimiya!
I'm really enjoying my time, seriously.
We should totally go somewhere.
Get out.
We did it, Sis.
What are you doing, Nishimiya?
Why...
Come with me. Let him see your face.
Please...
Please, I beg you.
I'm sorry," huh?
Yasho accepted a weirdo like me.
She won't hear me unless I yell!
I see.
I failed to protect you again!
Thank you for coming, Sho.
Nishimiya.
Nihimiya!
Hey.
Great.
Nishimiya,
Nishimiya.
H-Huh?
I'm not dead, Maria.
Gosh. You've cut it too short!
This suits you much better.
Oh, welcome back, Sho.
I hear your school festival starts tomorrow?
I'm off.
What?
Nishimiya...
Ishida!
What's with the moustache?
You got them?
This is plenty!
Playing friends, are we?
You're making my skin crawl.
Why do you have to be like that?
Well, I guess that's just who you are.
May I?
Thank you for everything.
Here's your punishment for being a lameo.
Y'know...
Could you tell me what you were talking about?
Excuse me, ma'am.
Mi...
And a star.
Congrats, Nishimiya! Sahara went off somewhere. Teach us Nishimiya-ese sometime! Hurray, hurray!
There.
Hey, Nishimiya.
Show me for a sec.
Stand up already!
Yes, I understand.
Wait, why are you soaking wet?
Hold on!
What was that for?
I don't get it!
Nishimiya transferred out.
That's that.
I came to give this back.
Please don't cry, Nishimiya.
Morning, Maria.
Sho's up!
Goodbye, Mommy.
Eat up.
But it really made me happy.
W-Well, a lot happened...
Don't be stupid.
Uh... I'm sorry!
I'm truly sorry!
Have you submitted your math notebook yet?
Same.
Figures.
I'm back.
Sorry about this morning.
For burning all that money you earned.
But I wouldn't want the money you earned in order to die, anyway.
Sorry.
Huh? For what?
Dude...
Anybody!
Crap!
For real?
Nothing.
Don't worry. It's never coming back.
I'm glad it had your address on it.
I'm glad I got it back for you, though.
What's wrong, Ishida?
And? Is something on your mind?
Hold out your hand.
Nagatsuka?
I guess turds of a feather drop together.
Excuse me? What's your problem?
What's going on?
Stop it.
Nagatsuka...
Ow!
What?
"Don't know him at all."
Someone's inside!
You okay?
You'll catch a cold.
What are you doing here?
Boy, am I ever glad it was you.
It's good!
Here, umbrella.
You can have them.
Why'd you run away from home?
I used her shampoo without asking her.
We only have the one, right?
I'm terribly sorry to burst your bubble,
Thanks for being friends with my Yasho.
This is my friend Nagatsuka.
You have one too, right?
What?
You'll need to pay for travel, food, and a love hotel.
I'm really sorry.
What a pleasant surprise.
Please visit!
Save video
All right.
Seriously?
We're not exactly friends...
Oh, you're here?
U...
You hate me, don't you?
Oh, Ueno. Get off.
Isn't that a pouch from my workplace?
Are you two going out?
I'll get going, then.
Yuduru.
Kinda.
Thank you.
What the heck are these?
Love the moon?
I told Ishida I love him.
Oh.
The other day, Mashiba said he'd like to be friends with you.
Don't go over my head!
Let's line up for that one first!
Someone Shoko knows?
Are you okay with having Ueno around?
I learn so much from her artistic sense.
Your legs are all wobbly, Sho.
Hey! What's with your hand?
Run away, Mashiba!
I figured things would work out if you met.
And you and Shimada wouldn't have fallen out.
The thing with Shimada...
Hey.
Oh, hey. Welcome, Yuzuru.
I still hate you,
Let's shake hands as two people who hate each other.
I want Nishimiya to come to love herself.
Wait, is that why she was bullied?
Are you saying I'm going around telling people about the past?
What right do we have to criticize Ishida over it?
Ah.
What do you think, Sahara?
I-I...
Neither of you!
Enough.
I've had it! I'm leaving!
It doesn't bother me.
I shouldn't have come.
Have some steamed buns.
I got some really nice bread today.
What's with that outfit?
It's a uniform, obviously.
What happened?
Awesome!
Let's go check it out.
I don't feel like I can ever fix this.
Oh, Yuzuru's coming today? Great!
I'm really enjoying my time, seriously.
What?
Are you sure about this?
Won't I get slapped again?
There, there, Mom.
Who asked you two?
Oh, I'll go get some yakisoba.
Whoa, it's dark.
You can see the fireworks from here...?
Why...
Why, Nishimiya?
Nishimiya?
Please don't!
piss me off the most!
Stop it!
Soww...
She won't hear me unless I yell!
You have to learn to love even the things you hate about yourself and move forward.
I see.
I wanted to talk to you more.
I'm so sowwy!
I want you to help me live.
We've reached your destination, sir.
Ishida.
Yes?
I'm sorry.
Who is that?
My daughter's husband. He came back.
You started going to school, huh?
M-Morning, guys.
I can keep looking down?
Why are you looking down?
Ishida!
Oh, and...
Thank you, Kawai.
Why do you have to be like that?
Ishida...
Thank you for everything.
Class 6-2
For Conversations
Through this notebook, I hope to become good friends with you all.
Here's your punishment for being a lameo.
I was distracted for half the class again.
You call that a reading, Ueno?
Using sign language would make things much easier for Shoko.
Who cares?
Yikes, who did this?
Right, what kind of houses they lived in.
If you're wearing these, can you actually hear?
That four-eyes really pisses me off.
She's crazy.
Actually, her mother called yesterday.
Have any of you spotted any acts of bullying or harassment toward Nishimiya?
You're awful...
Hold it, Shoya!
Yeah, it's true!
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing to my desk?
Drop the goody-two-shoes act!
I'm dryig, ju no!
Get lost, Ishida. How long are you gonna stick around?
Nishimiya transferred out.
Sign Language Class
Hello there, Shoko.
U-Uh...
Huh?
Nishimiya!
I came to give this back.
Me and you...
Please don't cry, Nishimiya.
Morning, Maria.
I mean...
I knew it.
I knew something was off!
What won't you do? Spell it out!
I won't try to kill myself!
Hey, Mom!
Seriously?
Sho...
I want to go get it.
I-Is Nishimiya here?
Dumped in a paddy field.
You see, Ishida...
How stupid.
Uh, she's right there.
Well, that sucks.
For the bread, not me.
My bud says he wants to see Nishimiya!
I followed you.
Shithead.
I dare you to say that again!
Hey, Nagatsuka...
What's going on?
Isn't that Yuzuru?
Nagatsuka...
I'm happy for you, Ishida.
Here, Nishimiya.
Wait, Nishimiya!
Wh-What is this?
Ishida, come to the staff room.
I'm hungry!
I'll be going, then.
Great.
I had a fight with Shoko.
She told me go away.
Well, I should've brought two.
Man...
Hey, you're hurting me.
Tell Shoko too.
I-I got a cellphone.
I see. I could tell you...
Sorry, I have no idea.
Sho!
Hey.
I left all of a sudden...
I've been worried about you ever since.
What's your cup size?
What's wrong?
Okay, got it.
Take one.
All right.
Welco
Well, you know...
Wait, what?
Long time no see.
Seriously, Ishida. It's been ages.
Let's hang out sometime.
What? I'll pass.
Ueno?
H-Hey!
I'll get going, then.
Id monig.
Where I'm going?
Hey, Nishimiya.
...moo.
These?
I lub moo!
That she loves the moon.
Ishida.
I figured I could decide whether it was scary or not after I gave it a shot.
You're being rude to my Yasho!
You're funny, Nagatsuka.
What are you doing?
H-Hey, wait.
Sorry! I'll text you!
We don't know that.
I hate you.
That's why you'd obliviously hand over your stupid notebook,
So I changed my approach.
I'm sowwy.
and you hate me.
What about her?
Really.
Nao?
Neither of you!
I shouldn't have come.
Keep your nose out of it, outsider.
You think?
Mom keeps yelling at me every day.
What the heck?
I saw you crying earlier.
And why is that?
Thanks, Ishida.
I'll be fine from here.
Okay, Nishimiya?
We should totally go somewhere.
What are you doing?
Looks like you avoided getting killed, Ishida.
Who asked you two?
I couldn't tell from her poker face.
So you're already eighteen, huh?
Nishimiya!
Why did Ishida have to get hurt?!
Say something.
Are you her mother?!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Oh, didn't see you there, Nishimiya.
Shall we head someplace else? I'll get you a drink.
Yasho accepted a weirdo like me.
Kawai, you're being too loud.
She won't hear me unless I yell!
You went and saw everyone, huh?
Found you.
How are you doing?
More or less.
But I hurt you
Please don't cry, Nishimiya.
H-Huh?
How've you been?
Nothing.
Shall we?
So I feel much better when I look down.
I can keep looking down?
Yasho, do you have a stomach ache?
Hey, Nagatsuka. Morning.
How're you doing?
D-Did I get cold feet?
Ishida!
Those things happen in life.
Nagatsuka...
A prayer so you'd wake up as soon as possible.
What's up?
Sorry...
I haven't changed at all.
Dumbass.
Listen, I've got a favor to ask of you all.
We can pay you 30,000 yen in total.
What is it?
Well,
"For written communication"
Hey, Nishimiya-san, can you speak Japanese?
"Once again please."
You are starting too fast.
Ouch, ouch!
Crap. That's enough. Next!
OK. Good. Next, Ishida.
Really? Unbelievable.
Let's go home.
I'm Kita, I'm in a special education class.
to understand Shoko-chan even more.
Sa - ara
Agreed!
He will be in the drama next week. You must see it!
That's so bad! Who did such nasty things!
Well...I forgot what I was talking about...
Wh--What?
Stop it, you are disgusting!
It's about Nishimiya-san, who is absent today.
Yes.
What!?
Why are you telling such lies?
I see. I see.
Shoya.
Is what your teacher said correct?
What were you doing? Disgusting!
What!
Hey, the class journal was not submitted today.
Wait!
Here it is.
So, here. ...
Well...
Oh...Please don't cry.
this!
You worked hard,
I knew it...
Pages after April were torn off...
You'd better stay away from a guy named Shoya Ishida.
"He will always be the same."
H...Hi, here it is.
Can I see her to apologize for what I did?
Of course I still can go by foot,
and natural reason to see her again.
I found a rat.
Why...is he here?
Look! Look!
Good timing!
I was looking all over for this!
It's a ridiculous idea.
She is not here.
Nishimiya likes younger guys.
Don't come here again, if you only want to satisfy yourself.
Is that Yuzuru-chan?
Good for you, Ishida-kun!
Really!?
S-T-O-P J-O-K-I-N-G!
Feeding is fun?
Hey!
Ouch!
Did you see this?
Hey, isn't this guy Ishida-kun?
"I am very sorry that I jumped into Suimon River from a bridge,
where it was prohibited to do so, and..
I also uploaded that photo to the web.. "
Maria, let's go home now!
Hey, are you OK?
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
I am the person who uploaded the photo.
Sho-tan!
OK!
Hi Yuzuru-chan,
She'll is working late today.
Yuzuru-kun, why don't you eat?
Then, now you learned sign language huh?
What's this?
It's an issue of myself, too...
You are her little sis!?
Hey, it hurts.
I'm very sorry...
Hey.
Say same thing to Shoko from you, too.
Nice to see you!
He is my classmate,
But I really think Kawai-san is very clever.
What?
Hello!
I see.
Here it is.
From: Sahara-san
Oh!
Insect!
By the way, will Nishimiya be pleased if I gave this pouch?
Huh?
Wait! Wait a moment!
I'm quite awake. So surprised.
Ponytail today? Why?
What a weird face!
Then make Ishida have a chance to see her!
Huh?
Nishimiya..
W--well, I have to go now. Bread.
Then bye.
By the way, where is Nishimiya today?
The other day,
She was trying hard to tell me something,
Moon
If she is angry, she will say "no".
and how about going together if you like?
Ha ha.
Huh? I simply want to be friends with him.
What!? Don't be silly!
I just thought
Don't jump to such conclusions.
Sis, sorry but take this camera with you.
I'll speak clearly so that you can understand
That's why it bothered me with your weird notebook
But,
you didn't understand and got us back.
What's that?
Then?
Ueno--san, right?
Yes. Ueno?
Calm down, Kawai-san.
Hi!
I'm bringing your bag here!
We have no right to blame him in this matter.
"We"?
Nao-chan..
Hey, Sahara, how do you think about this?
I hate that kind of logic.
Stop, Sahara.
summer holidays will start.
Here.
Yuzu, are you still worried about sis?
Really?
as wonderful as you,
Huh...?
Hey, Yuzu...
What?
Actually, what's wrong with you?
Text from my sis. I have to go.
Then I don't care if you follow me.
Let's hang out tomorrow, too!
Hey, I'm here today!
It's really full of happiness.
Hey, Nishimiya,
What?
What are you going to do?
Get out now..
Stop, mother! Today is your celebration day!
Huh..
It was good that you didn't get killed, Ishida.
I submitted some of your photos to the prefectural photo contest.
Let's go together.
Basically she had no facial expressions, but..
Well..
Oh, it's dark.
Here it is.
Is it charging OK..?
Nishimiya?
Nishimiya..!?
No one answered when I called the salon,
and entering the room was prohibited...
He changed rooms today.
Who are you!
Oh, you must be Nishimiya's mother...
I...I'b zorry.
I'b zorry.
I'b zorry!
Hospital rooms 400-417
so I am totally at a loss until he wakes up again.
Nishimiya.
Somewhat
Nishimiya!
Please don't make such a serious face.
Nishimiya-san.
I never really apologized for what I did to you in the past.
that it still wasn't worth dying.
Oh, it's too short, isn't it!?
Oh, my. Great!
And. take another look at this.
Have mercy, kind sir!
Yes. Shoko gave me a good reason to go back.
Everyone said they are going to the school festival tomorrow.
Good morning, everyone!
Thank you, Nishimiya.
Nagatsuka---kun?
If you... oops,
what happened at the bridge.
Such minor troubles will happen again and again as long as we live.
Huh?
don't you?
but it was a failure, so we cannot give him that...
I'm very sorry.
It's enough.
Oh? Kawai-tchi?
A red which was a bit tangled
Darling
I'll be puzzled...
We have a new friend joining us today.
So?
Listen up.
Her nickname's Sho.
Levers fall under three classes based on their locations.
Ow, that hurts.
Forget it. Next.
Bye bye, Nishimiya.
You know...
I'm Kita from the Class for the Deaf.
would you spend three minutes of homeroom each morning learning sign language?
Excuse me, ma'am.
Mi...
Who cares?
Looking good!
There.
I'm very sorry!
Hey, Nishimiya.
If you're wearing these, can you actually hear?
Ugh, what is this?
What do we do?
That four-eyes really pisses me off.
Let's go.
I'm not!
See you tomorrow.
In the past five months, eight of Nishimiya's hearing aids have been lost or broken.
But Shoya didn't listen.
I would never do that!
We're really sorry for everything.
Wait, why are you soaking wet?
Hold on!
Yeah, it's true!
I'm dryig, ju no!
Nishimiya?
Hey...
Could you be friends with me?
Sho!
Goodbye, Mommy.
Your room was way too clean!
Your phone was off!
Sorry, I won't do it! Seriously!
You mean it?
All right, then.
S-Say...
Seriously?
Sorry about this morning.
But I wouldn't want the money you earned in order to die, anyway.
My, thank you.
Anybody!
Uh, she's right there.
I sit behind you, you know.
Let's go hang out after school today.
To mark the start of our friendship.
We're best friends.
So, huh...
They're fighting.
Nagatsuka...
Let me see!
Interpret for me!
"What a creep!"
Is feeding them fun?
Jumped in...
Why?!
"See you again"...
Is she really okay with it?
I recently jumped off of Suimon Bridge and into the river despite it being banned
Sorry, but could you go pick up Maria?
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
Boy, am I ever glad it was you.
Yell at me, dude.
I had it coming.
Coming.
Where's Sis?
Damn it...
Just take it.
Thanks.
Wanna wear these?
I used her shampoo without asking her.
And I can't let you catch a cold, for Nishimiya's sake.
And now you've learned sign language?
Oh.
Of course Nishimiya's told you.
Okay.
Yuzuru, you should stay away from that boy.
How are you doing?
Wow, laddy.
Nao goes there.
You'll need to pay for travel, food, and a love hotel.
I brought her.
Huh? Ishida?
Ueno?
Yeah, I agree.
Is she here?
Oh, do you think Nishimiya would like this?
Sis?
Wait, what?
Let's hang out sometime.
Gotcha.
What we were talking about?
Yuduru.
Id monig.
What a weird face.
What the heck are these?
It is very pretty today.
I was a coward, you see.
Hey! What's with your hand?
Go, Yasho! Overtake them!
Look, Ueno.
If she wasn't around, things wouldn't have gotten awkward between Sahara and me.
Do you hate me?
You went crying to the adults.
Everything around us fell apart.
Let's shake hands as two people who hate each other.
What do you think?
Ueno, was it?
That's right! Ishida bullied Nishimiya!
It was so scary.
Sorry, Nagatsuka.
Yasho?
Something wrong?
Wait a second.
Don't lump me in with you.
Ah.
Yeah.
I was only telling the truth!
Sorry, Ishida.
Are you still worried about your sister?
Shoko's hanging in there too.
What the heck?
I'll walk you. Where to?
Shall we go watch a movie?
This is great!
I'm really enjoying my time, seriously.
Your mission is to help us bake a birthday cake for our mother.
What are you trying to pull?
We did it, Sis.
Oh, I'll go get some yakisoba.
Thanks.
That reminds me, Ishida.
You can see the fireworks from here...?
I'm gonna see the fireworks!
Oh, Yuzuru.
I called the shop, but nobody answered.
You see, Shoko...
Why did Ishida have to get hurt?!
piss me off the most!
Soww...
It's not opening.
Shall we head someplace else? I'll get you a drink.
Yasho's my big friend, so I really need him to wake up.
Even when Ishida does wake up, I won't know how to face him.
Tahada...
Nihimiya!
Nishimiya...
Hey.
I'd probably created a convenient image of you in my head.
Looks like I was trying to give up on everything.
Crap!
She nursed you the entire time, you know.
Even in this situation, I just couldn't bring myself to like Nishimiya.
Welcome back.
Oh, welcome back, Sho.
Oh, no...
but I don't fit in at school.
N-Nishimiya...
It's Ishida!
Yasho...
D-Did I get cold feet?
So please, Yasho...
A prayer so you'd wake up as soon as possible.
I brought them, but I can't give him those. They came out really badly.
I asked everyone, but...
Playing friends, are we?
Well, I guess that's just who you are.
Huh?
Give up, give up!
She's called Sho-chan, too.
This will be on your next quiz.
I missed what teacher said again because of her...
At this rate, won't you frustrate your classmates?
Disgusting!
It's easier for Shoko-chan to use sign language.
Got it!
The author described through this work,...
erase... it... for... you...
Class isn't over.
Eh?
You did it with me, didn't you?
Yes, yes.
Thank you for calling.
Shoya.
We're leaving right now. We have to meet Nishimiya-san's parents.
Great men and women experienced hard times, and...
What were you doing? Disgusting!
I'b doigg mah bezd!
And, here...
Nishimiya,
Please don't cry.
Huh?
Why did you try to kill yourself?
But it's because...
I'm really sorry.
Good morning.
Oh, really?
"Why is he still alive?"
I just bought the limited edition...
What is it?
Me?
Hey, don't resist.
Someone, please help me!
and natural reason to see her again.
Nishimiya Shoko isn't here.
I found a rat.
Ah! I'm Nagatsuka!
Oh, I see.
This is so good, Nagatsuka-kun.
Ishida-kun, come, come!
What's wrong with you, Ya-sho?
This is friendship.
Um, who...
Nagatsuka-kun, Nagatsuka-kun.
Stop it, ok?
You're peeping now, aren't you?
Hmm?
That's sign language.
Be careful to not fall, boy.
"See you again"
Ishida-kun...
You... shouldn't read that...
You'll catch a cold.
Shoes?
Sho-tan!
I'm hungry!
Hey!
How about sis?
Yuzuru-kun, why don't you eat?
I was worried about you.
Here, an umbrella.
Oh, excuse me.
Eh?
Now you've learned sign language, huh?
You must've heard it all from Nishimiya.
I'm very sorry that you believe what I said..
Hey, sis!
All right, no problem.
Shoko, the same goes for you.
We can decide this on our own.
Hey, boy!
I'm glad to see my best friend Ya-sho's friend.
Na-ga-tsu-ka.
Do you enjoy texting?
Sahara-san? From elementary school?
Ya-sho, Ya-sho!
Oh, I don't have enough.
Ishida-kun.
I'm pleased to go together today!
Sho-chan!
Hello!
Disappearing when we were in elementary school...
I'm happy to see you again.
I'll check for myself!
One hour, please.
What in the world did you expect?
Then what?
Go, go!
Well, I have to go now.
... ige... oo...
What?
but I'm not sure what they are.
By the way, Mashiba-kun
Me, too. I'm Mashiba.
If you want to know if she's avoiding you or not,
That's a good idea.
Who's that girl?
Yes.
Huh?
Nagatsuka-kun, is your hair all natural?
What?! Don't be silly!
Ishida!
I just thought
Things might go well if you two meet again.
Don't be so kind to me.
and you and Shimada would still be friends.
Hi, Yuzuru-chan.
Hidden camera.
But I think that you didn't understand us, either.
and always smiled so insincerely.
This was my message for you to not interfere.
by ratting on us to adults.
and we did our best within that limitation.
So let's shake hands, even if we hate each other.
should like Nishimiya herself.
Why?
Hey, you speak too loud...
It's true.
He scared me so much...
Nao-chan...
Hey, Sahara, what about you?
Me!?
I was scared of both of you.
Stop.
Don't decide everything by yourself.
What wrong with you, Ishida-kun?
next week,
You always care about your nee-chan,
and I haven't gone to school in a while.
No, thank you.
Why?
I'm still a little bit scared.
Nishimiya?
This is so funny!
What a fruitful summer holiday this was!
Right, Yuzuru?
We can't go tomorrow, because we have something to do.
What?
What? Why is this guy here?
Get out now..
What?
Let's go together.
You're already eighteen.
Then I'll go with you.
I see.
What? What happened to nee-chan?
Nishimiya's here.
Why...
God...
I won't escape from my challenges in life.
I'm sorry, Nishimiya.
Maria will go out to see fireworks!
I finally found you.
All that matters is that Shoko-chan is safe.
Right, Yuzuru-chan?
Stop it.
Why?!
Kawai-san, you're too loud...
as a whole, even our weaknesses.
That's great.
I don't have the courage to see him again.
Mom!
Are you all right?
But my selfish behavior has hurt you,
Ib I vend away..
I realized,
you to
Wow!
I'm not dead, Maria.
Then I'll go home.
Good luck!
Good morning.
Huh? The guy who jumped?
Are you okay now?
I have a bit of a stomachache.
Ya-sho?
I'm sorry
And,
Okay...
but I couldn't gather enough...
I've never gotten anything like that before,
Also... I'm sorry.
Stop it, both of two!
Hey.
Introduce yourself.
Pages twenty to twenty-five, and the drills on page thirty-two.
Hey.
So today
I'll lend you my notebook.
Go to hell, megane.
bud I ave no indenzon do zay zorry.
So I propose a three-minute sign language lesson every morning
Agree!
Aren't her clothes ugly?
Nice, nice.
Hey, Ishida.
Okay! I'm sorry!
What is it? Toss it over.
Don't interrupt.
Liar!
It's unbelievable!
Yesterday, Nishimiya-san's mother gave us a call.
Hey, Ishida.
How about you, Shimada?
I'd been saying
Eh?
You did it with me, didn't you?
I never do such things.
Ishida-kun, you're so bad...
Huh? Why...?
Wait, Shouya.
Be a good child from now on, okay?
Huh?
Eh?
What is she doing?
Hey, what are you doing with my desk?
Ouch!
Who's in charge of that?
and the calendar on your wall...
Promise me that you'll never try to kill yourself, or I'll burn this.
Meeting Nishimiya beforehand was like a ceremony.
When we just entered junior high school, Shimada said:
Translate these sentences by the next lesson.
Please finish it soon.
"Oh, he's looking at us as always."
"Doesn't he feel desperate, always being alone?"
Here it is.
I'm so surprised.
Thanks.
I asked you 'cause I don't have my own.
I'll... lend you mine.
No, she isn't.
Look! Look!
I'm glad that I got it back to you!
Ishida-kun, what's wrong?
Hey.
This is so good, Nagatsuka-kun.
What's wrong with you, Ya-shou?
Give me your hand.
Oh, I dropped it...
The bread, that is, not me.
Stop it, ok?
You're peeping now, aren't you?
Wow, I didn't know that he had the skill.
Stop kid-ding me!
Ah, Nishimiya, here. Bread.
Well...
so much!
Hey, boy!
Nishimiya!
This is Ishida-kun, isn't it?
I also uploaded that photo to the web..."
Ouch!
Oh, you did it.
I'm heading home.
Does caring for a poor, stray cat give you pleasure?
What's this?
I'm the worst human being.
No intention. Never.
It's an issue of myself, too...
Hey, Nee-chan!
I'm glad to see my best friend Ya-shou's friend.
Are you going to look for Sahara-san?
Kawai-san...
Sahara-san, our elementary school classmate?
Taiyo Female High School...
What? I don't need that much!
She's annoyed that you're looking for a classmate without her.
So take her with you, Ishida.
Shou-chan!
Long time no see.
I've been thinking of Shou-chan for long time.
Hello! We handing out discount coupons!
Discount coupon!
Nyan Nyan Club...
Oh!
I can't behave like her...
Oh, would Nishimiya like this pouch?
Long time no see.
No, thank you.
Sorry, Nishimiya.
Don't make me laugh!
No.
What's happened?
Oh?
I lige moo!
A moon? Can't really picture it.
Candy?
What's the matter?
It fits you so well!
Me, too. I'm Mashiba.
By the way, where is Nishimiya today?
Maybe she's avoiding me...
Oh!
Yeah, of course.
Are you all ready?
Sahara-san, are you okay with Ueno?
Yes.
She's in my high school class.
Your legs are so trembling, Shou-chan.
Woah, you're great for knowing sign language!
Can I...?
Ishida.
I don't want such unnecessary kindness.
Ishida!
you could be friends again.
Don't say that.
Ishida, do you hate me?
Hey!
So I changed.
Our view was very narrow during childhood,
Nishimiya
she was bullied because of that?
Ya-shou?
I'm bringing your bag here!
it's your fault, I think.
At that time..
see you later.
This bread is
Huh...?
Why?
But it's summer.
Nothing.
Yes it does...
Bye.
I will be unhappy as long as I am with her.
Right, Yuzuru?
Really?! Are you serious?!
It's good that you weren't killed, Ishida.
I submitted some of your photos to the prefecture's photo contest.
I'd like to pass.
Thank you.
You're already eighteen.
Nishimiya?
Onee-chan made pancakes for you.
Oba-san, Shouko...
Nishimiya-san...
"I caused a lot of trouble and bothered everyone,"
How pathetic!
Oh, you must be Nishimiya's mother...
I thought that these photos
Ya-shou is my "big friend,"
You tried to kill yourself even when you were hurt!
you're visiting them at the bridge.
Nishimiya.
Ib I vend away..
But,
I want to apologize to everyone, too.
I'm sorry!
Maybe I can't change...
Shimada and the others saved you.
Ishida.
Oh, my...
Have mercy, kind sir!
Oh, of course.
Shouko made me want to go back.
I'm sorry for what I said at the bridge!
Nothing. I'm off.
Let's get along.
So it's easier for me to look downward.
I can walk by myself, you know.
I have a bit of a stomachache.
Ya-shou.
thank you.
What's with your mustache?
Why's everyone here...
I asked everyone again and again, but..
Wanna fight?
Thanks for your support so far.
Hey, sit down all.
"Please use this notebook when talk to me."
Weird!
Hey, Nishimiya-san, can you speak Japanese?
Nao-chan, how you say...
With these 3 points,
I missed what teacher said again due to her...
That's why I will never say sorry.
Crap. That's enough. Next.
To the hell, ugly glasses.
Really? Unbelievable.
What?
Write as "speaking with hands" and pronounce "Shu-wa".
As the word says, Shuwa means speaking using your hands.
Got it!
Agree!
Isn't better to stop that?
Star.
How should I do....?
Crap, so annoying, ugly glasses.
Let's go home.
See you tomorrow, Shoya.
Well, today I have a topic I want to talk to you all.
She said 8 of Nishimiya-san's hearing aids have gone missing
And, girls said bad things about her so many times.
I never do such things.
I see. I see.
Why are you so wet?
Shut up, Jumped in the river like always.
Huh?
What?
You are angry, aren't you!?
Ouch!
What!
Hey, class journal was not submitted today.
Do you remember me?
I was your classmate of the elementary school...
Shoya Ishida.
Here it is.
You say "why sign language?"
I finally understood what you said...
Here, Sho-chan.
You worked hard,
Huh!?
I'll stop. I'm sorry.
Hey, water, water!
Me too.
How can I do so by what reason?
Sho---chan?
Woops,
No, she isn't
I sit just behind you in the class.
or right or something like that,
She isn't
I'm a little surprised that.
Stop complaining and bring her here right now!
Nagatsuka-kun, why are you here?
Stop it, ok?
Nagatsuka-kun, sorry for leaving you!
What?
"I'm glad."
Oops! Ishida-kun fell to the river!
"I am very sorry that I jumped into Suimon River from a bridge,
Ouch!
...Why don't you get angry with me?
Oh, you did it.
Then I'll go home.
What's the matter with you.
Or you make fun of doing it.
Do you think you have changed to be a good person?
I thought I didn't want Nishimiya to cry again.
Bye!
Hey, it pains.
I'm home.
I'b zorry, I'b zorry!
Don't be a friend with such a guy.
Say same thing to Shoko from you, too.
You are doing a good thing.
Then you enjoy texting?
To whom?
of Sahara-san, our classmate of the elementary school?
Sahara-san?
When you need travel, meal, and then love hotel expenses,
Disappearing from you when in elementary school
What kind of school you are going to?
I think so, too.
Actually, not a friend.
U--Ueno..
Actually,
Why? So weird!
Bye.
Huh? Why you wear only one?
Sorry, Nishimiya.
You two are going together?
Oh, understand. A kind of sense of guilt?
I'm quite awake. So surprised.
About this?
How about go out and see a movie from now?
C--Candy?
"I said I like you to Ishida-kun"
She was trying hard to tell me something,
If you want to know if sis is avoiding you or not,
Is she Shoko's friend?
Then let's start.
Huh?
But I changed my way a bit.
Actually, I am still scared a bit.
You did your best to learn sign language, Ishida-kun!
My permission is needed when you speak to Ya-sho!
Hey! Stop touching my hair!
Can I enjoy like this?
No. I'm not angry.
You and me are alike, huh?
But wasn't it correct?
If she had not be there,
I simply did so intentionally.
Now I feel like to ride a ferris wheel.
Hey, Ueno!
Sis, sorry but take this camera with you.
That's why you bothered me with weird notebook
I ignored you and talked about you behind your back.
Lot of things around us were broken by you.
I hade myzelf...
I want Nishimiya
Hey, you speak too loud...
What!?
Kawai-san also said bad things at that time...
That's not correct, Nao-chan.
Me!?
I..I was..
At that time..
You will ran away after all like the past time and regret,
as wonderful as you,
Hummm, this message is not good.
Hey!
Actually, what's wrong with you?
I worry about Yuzuru.
Don't say what my grandma would say.
Then I don't care if you follow me.
Oh, it's splendid.
We cannot go tomorrow, as we have something to do.
I---is that ok?
But I suppose all the photos are kind of creepy ones.
Oh thank you.
Did she enjoy the party?
Oh, it is already passed!
I said "together" unintentionally.
Nishimiya, I'm here.
Did I properly apologize for that?
Are you still mad?
I finally saw you.
Sorry again for troubling like this.
So do you, Yuzuru-chan.
Please..
Hey, Nishimiya.
Like you, a person who think everything
you shouldn't have had her in the first place!
Hospital rooms 400-417
so I am totally at a loss until he wakes up again.
Oh...
as a whole including weaknesses.
I couldn't change myself.
I'm ok now too
Begauze I had nod jenged,
In the dream,
help me
Hey, Maria, are you watering flowers?
She have attended and took care of you when you were asleep.
Oh, it's too short, isn't it!?
Huh, h...hello.
Oh, my. Great!
Oh, my...
Are you all ok?
Nothing. I'll go.
Here is my class.
Are you ok now?
Sorry.
Nagatsuka-kun.
Why everyone here..
I'm very sorry.
No, she got embarrassed.
Let's go to gymnasium next!
No one in the world knows
Hey, can you speak Japanese?
Sho, huh?
Once more, from the top.
Ow, that hurts.
Excuse me, ma'am.
I'll do it.
All gone.
We're in the middle of class.
Nishimiya!
I'm sorry.
Shoya's all red!
Let's go.
Yes, sir!
Er...
He might've messed with her from time to time.
You're so mean, Ishida!
Yes, I understand.
Hold it, Shoya!
I learned it.
Could we be friends?
What am I saying?
...!
Have a nice day.
By the way, Sho...
But, uh, I won't...
If you don't promise not to kill yourself, I'll burn this up.
What won't you do? Spell it out!
Ow!
What have I done?
I see.
Seriously?
I bought this on release day.
It's true!
Sorry.
Take your time.
Oh, right. This is good bread.
Goodbye.
Hey, laddy!
My bud says he wants to see Nishimiya!
Nagatsuka?
Shithead.
My, if it isn't the boy from the other day.
"What a creep!"
I was thinking the same thing.
Ow!
This is you, right?
and then uploaded a photo of it to the internet...
Sorry, but could you go pick up Maria?
Sho!
Oh, it's the rat.
I'm hungry!
You have a daughter?
Ow!
Damn it...
Man...
I'm sorry.
You have one too, right?
D-Do you text your friends and stuff?
Anyone whose number you'd like to know?
"Taiyo Girls' Academy."
Ishida, take this.
I've kept studying sign language.
Okay, got it.
Meow Meow Club
"Meow Meow Club"?
Elaborate.
Bug!
U...
Seriously, Ishida. It's been ages.
You hate me, don't you?
No way.
You're kidding me, Ishida.
Are you two going out?
Of course not.
Wait, wait. Before that...
You have your hair in a ponytail today.
I-I need to go buy the bread.
Thanks.
What?
N-Nishimiya?
Can
I told Ishida I love him.
Really? But it looks nice.
Beats me.
Are you okay with having Ueno around?
Are you okay?
You're being rude to my Yasho!
Sh-Shimada?
Hey, Ishida?
You and I are alike.
I ignored you and badmouthed you.
I'm sowwy.
Did something happen between her and Nishimiya?
I can't stand stuff like that.
Are you saying I'm going around telling people about the past?
Ch-Chill. You're being too loud.
You were and still are a colossal jerk!
What're you talking about?
Nishimiya?
It was so scary.
Hey.
What right do we have to criticize Ishida over it?
Unlike me, you went out of your way to bully Nishimiya.
Nao...
Sorry, Ishida.
How do I look?
If I had to say, I'm in cosplay.
You don't have to.
I'm still scared.
Hey, Nishimiya. Would you like to go somewhere tomorrow?
Of course not!
Even monsters have hearts...
A-Are you really, really sure?
There, there, Mom.
That's not what I found.
Nah, I'll pass.
I couldn't tell from her poker face.
It already passed!
Oh, is that so?
Where's Sis?
Could you go get my camera for me?
Shoko!
Why...
And the hospital said no visits.
I was too negligent.
And who the hell are you?!
Are you Shoko?
What are you doing?
He made me realize for the first time what a best friend was.
I want to fix what I destroyed
She won't hear me unless I yell!
We were so worried!
Nishimiya,
but I realized it didn't mean that I deserved to die.
Crap!
Forget what I just said!
Atta girl.
Oh, Shimada and Hirose were the ones who pulled you up when you fell.
They asked me not to tell you, but screw that.
Gosh. You've cut it too short!
Thanks for having me.
Well, I'll give it my best shot.
Have a nice day!
The jumper?
I've never told you this before,
This is my class.
Nagatsuka?
Yasho...
Don't worry about what happened on the bridge!
I heard Nagatsuka screaming out your name.
Here.
I asked everyone, but...
I've never got anything like this before,
And I'm sorry.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
I haven't changed at all.
Thank you for everything.
I give up! I'm tapping out!
Huh?
Once more, from the top.
Qid beig sdubborn aready,
sai Mom wid an egasberaded loog.
Bud I don inden do abologize.
Take this seriously, Ishida.Alt: Ishida, stop joking around.
It's a language where you use your hands.
Um,
Mi...
Hey, Nishimiya-san.
Show me for a sec.
See you tomorrow.
Wait, why are you soaking wet?
Um, remember me?kametsu: U-Uh...
I'm Ishida Shoya.
Sho-tan!
Breakfast time!
Goodbye, Mommy.
Thanks for the food.
But it really made me happy.
But I mean, what can I say...kametsu: But, uh, I won't...
W-Water! Water!kametsu: W-Water!
Oh, there is!Referring to the blimp 'oh, there is a blimp' or something like that. kametsu: "That's true!" doesn't fit here.
What is it?
Sorry about this morning.
Let's go hang out after school today.
Over here, Ishida-kun.
Hold out your hand.
Uh, who arefscx150
Nishimiya likes younger boys?
Oh no, they're fighting.
Stop it.
Don't fall, laddy.
Funny, right?
Is she really okay with it?
Thanks.
Oh, that was you?
You can have them.
So, like, relationship problems and all that?
Well, I should've brought two.
Think you're a better person now?
You're disgusting.
Oh, right.
I'm terribly sorry to burst your bubble,
Now you know.
Little sister?!
I got a cellphone.Hesitation 300ms earlier but barely audible. kametsu: I-I got a cellphone.
Yasho?
I'd like to ask you something.
Huh, what the heck? I don't need that much.
I brought her.
Nee-chan was pissed off you were leaving her out even though she was the one who asked.
Sho-chan!
I left all of a sudden...
Take one.
Crap. He really came.
Well, you know...
I'm only here to meet your friend. No dirty thoughts whatsoever.
Cat!
Ueno?
Seriously, Ishida. It's been ages.
What? I'll pass.
Sorry about grade school.
Oh, Ueno. Get off.
Why does she have it? Scary.
Oh, really?
Hey!kametsu: H-Hey!
Sorry, Nishimiya.
Is it out of guilt or something?
Id monig.
Why...?
Nishimifscx150
Thank you.
Can I open it?
Cut it out, guys.
Hey, where's Nishimiya today?
Beats me.
Run away, Mashiba-kun!
What are you doing?
Huh?
I was just hoping you two could go back to being friends.
Wait.
You and I are alike.
Hey!
Nishimiya-san, ride the Ferris wheel with me.
Did something happen between her and Nishimiya-san?
Really.
Shut up, Sahara.
What's gotten into you, Ishida-kun?
All you've ever cared about is yourself.
Your eyes will go bad if you read in the dark.
Here.
I'm doing it for myself, so it doesn't count.
Isn't she coming today?
Really, you don't have to.
Because I'm worried about you.
I'll be fine from here.
Of course not!
I wanna love people.
Oh, Yuzuru's coming today? Great!
Right, Yuzuru?
Are you crazy?!
A-Are you sure this is okay?kametsu: A-Are you really, really sure?
Won't I get slapped again?
Nah, I'll pass.
I couldn't tell from her poker face.
So you're already eighteen, huh?
What's up?
I'll walk you.
All right.
Pardon me...
Nishimiya?
There it is.
I'm sure my son did something to Shoko-san again.
Please raise your head.
Say something.
piss me off the most!
Stop it.
Why?
Shall we head someplace else? I'll get you a drink.
Yasho accepted a weirdo like me.
Yasho's my big friend, so I really need him to wake up.
She won't hear me unless I yell!
You have to learn to love even the things you hate about yourself and move forward.
I'm glad you're all right.
Even when Ishida-kun does wake up, I won't know how to face him.
You gan jange from now,
Nishimiya.
Hey.
It was within a dream.
I want to apologize to the others too.
But you died! You died!Originally had: "You're back! You're back!" Literally: died!
I hear you came to visit.
Guess I don't have to.
Yes?
I'm sorry too.
Winter uniform?
Get a load of this, Ishida.
Now get a load of this.kametsu: Get a load of this too.
Shoko broke the ice for me.
Yeah, you heard right.
I'm sorry I said all those mean things.
I can't look at people's faces.
I think my tummy hurts.
Nagatsuka-kun?
Ishida-kun!
Those things happen in life.
What's with the mustache?
I heard Nagatsuka-kun screaming out your name.
Huh?
Come on.
She ran away.
First up, the fulcrum. It's the point that supports the lever.
We're screwed.
Ow!
You're such a creep!
Don't say that, Nao!
Back in the Jomon Period...
Hey, Nishimiya.
Ugh, what is this?
What is she doing?
Later, Shoya.
Have any of you spotted any acts of bullying or harassment toward Nishimiya?
And the girls were badmouthing her all the time!
You're so mean, Ishida!
He made her cry...
Come on, out with it!
Um, remember me?kametsu: U-Uh...
Could we be friends?
What am I saying?
Wait, she was saying the same thing back in grade school.
So I was right!
I won't kill myself!
It's a promise, okay?
W-Water! Water!kametsu: W-Water!
Friends...
I will, sorry.
What is it?
Sorry.
Hey, could you let me borrow your bike?
She's right there.
She's not.
Excuse me for asking,
What?
It's nothing.kametsu: N-Nothing
Feel free to tell me.
I'm Shoko's boyfriend.
My bud says he wants to see Nishimiya!
What's going on?
Come on, Nagatsuka.Keyframe snap looks worse to me
I was searching for a reason to meet you.
Ishida...
Funny, right?
Nishimiya!
Is she really okay with it?
This is you, right?
Come on, you can go for a bit.
What the heck?
Hey!
Here, Yuzuru.
Oh, you...
Knew it.
Hold the umbrella over yourself.
Oh.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm terribly sorry to burst your bubble,
Little sister?!
Let's go.
Hey, laddy.
She's Nishimiya's little sister.
Yasho, Yasho.
Yasho?
Ishida, take this.
Don't worry about it, Yasho.
Huh?
Sorry.
I've been worried about you ever since.
We're giving out discount coupons!
Welcofscx150
Crap. He really came.
I'll leave your gift here.kametsu: "Gift for you. I'll leave it here." This sounds a bit unnatural.
Still alone, I see.
Wait, wait. Before that...
Nishimifscx150
To the baker's.
Do I dalk weerd?
Kinda.
For me?
...moo.
The moon?
I was just running short on time.
It's such a simple word, but I couldn't understand it.
Well, if you're worried she's avoiding you, ask her to hang out.
What's with her?
Are you all ready?would normally an8 this but for sake of next line
Here it comes.
Your legs are shaking, Sho.kametsu: Your legs are all wobbly, Sho.
No way! Don't think it's that easy!
Is your hair natural?
Huh? H-Hey, wait.
Here's your takoyaki.
Are you mad?
I figured things would work out if you met.
Wait.
Yes, we are.
Hey!
Yeah.
Did something happen between her and Nishimiya?
Kawai said things were complicated in grade school.
Mashiba, Ishida once bullied a girl.
Don't lump me in with you.
Neither of you!
All you've ever cared about is yourself.
It doesn't bother me.
Meanwhile, I'm worried about you.
You think?
Mom keeps yelling at me every day.
Huh?
Um...
Because I'm worried about you.
Don't start talking like my grandma.
I'm still scared.
Hey, Nishimiya.
A-Are you sure this is okay?
Hey...
Come with me, Mom.
Oh, and thank you for inviting me over the other day.
Was your mother...
Could you go get my camera for me?
Nishimiya!
Shoko!
N-Nishifscx150
Ishida.
I'm sure my son did something to Shoko again.
so I tried to commit suicide.
Don't have kids if you can't take care of them!
What are you doing?
What was I supposed to do?
Yasho's my big friend, so I really need him to wake up.
You're strong.
You gan jange from now,
Thank you for coming, Sho.
Nishimiya...
Are you okay?
I'm all good now.
I hadn't actually apologized to you for what I did to you in the past.
You fell becas I couldn jange!
Listen, Nishimiya.
...live.
But you died! You died!Originally had: "You're back! You're back!" Literally: died! Alt: You're alive! You're alive!
She nursed you the entire time, you know.
Guess I don't have to.
Ishida...
Shoko broke the ice for me.
I've never told you this before,
Are you okay now?
Don't go anywhere!
Thank you, Kawai.
Why do you have to be like that?
Come on, you two.
You were going through so much, but I was no help.
You apologized again.
It's a girl.
Okay, introduce yourself.
I give up! I'm tapping out!
Gimme your notebook.
Then there's the effort which is the force that's applied at one point.
Once more, from the top.
Ow, that hurts.
Y'know...
Let's leave.
You know,
Ta...
Keep scoring them brownie points.
Aren't her clothes lame as hell?
And a star.
Ishida, you're going too far.
We're in the middle of class.
Right. I was wondering about that too.
What'd you think of it all, sitting next to him?
And Shimada?
Shimada, you did just as much as me!
You're so mean, Ishida!
Hold it, Shoya!
Huh?
Why I know sign language?
Morning, Maria.
By the way, Sho...
Oh...
Right back at you, you stupid son!
Ow!
Wanna go to the courtyard?
Sho...
Sorry about this morning.
You must be starving.
I want to go get it.
Hey, knock it off.
What?
Look at this! Look at this!
I'm glad it had your address on it.
Makes us seem like big friends, right?
Here, take the bread, at least.
Ow!
Damn it, they met.
Ishida...
Is feeding them fun?
Wait, Nishimiya!
Nishimiya.
Hey...
I recently jumped off of Suimon Bridge and into the river despite it being banned
Not happening, I'm not allowed to go out while I'm suspended.
Time to go home, Maria.
Sho!
She's my sister's!
Here, Yuzuru.
Say aah!
Here, umbrella.
Thanks.
Man...
Oh, right.
I'm sorry too.
Sa... ha... ra?
Oh, come on. It's not like that.
Yasho?
Sorry, I have no idea.
Ishida, take this.
You'll need to pay for travel, food, and a love hotel.
Huh?
Huh?
Sorry.
Remember me?
I couldn't do the things she does.
Onward to Meow Meow Club!
I'm only here to meet your friend. No dirty thoughts whatsoever.
Maybe we should leave?2 Speakers
I'll leave your gift here.kametsu: "Gift for you. I'll leave it here." This sounds a bit unnatural.
Long time no see.
You hate me, don't you?
Oh, really?
Ueno?
Nah.
Id monig.
I'm up. Too surprised to sleep.
What's up?
You have your hair in a ponytail today.
Ishida needs to see this.
Wait. Use sign language.
Hello. I'm Mashiba.
Don't go over my head!
Beats me.
From grade school.
Here we go, then!
Oh, yeah.
But I tried changing my perspective a little.
Are you okay?
Hey! What's with your hand?
What? I'm just trying to be friendly.
Hey, what're youfscx150
Huh?
What are you doing?
You don't need to play peacemaker.
You and I are alike.
Hey!
You haven't changed one bit.
Calm down, Kawai.
You've got it wrong, Nao.
Got what wrong?
Mean!
Huh? You're asking me?
Nao badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara!
I was only telling the truth!
Out with it, Sahara.
I hate that line of thinking.
Ishida, you're too awful.
Isn't she coming today?
It's a uniform, obviously.
How do I look?
School, duh.
It doesn't have anything to do with you.
Don't ask me.
Are you crazy?!
Are you sure about this?
That looks great!2 Speakers
What are you doing?
Sho said you should take part.
When is your birthday?
June 7th?
All right.
Nishimiya, grab the ledge!
I finally got to see you.
People like you, who can only see things from their own point of view,
I'm sowwy...
I heard about what happened with Yasho.
Yasho accepted a weirdo like me.
She won't hear me unless I yell!
I'm not as strong as you.
Even when Ishida does wake up, I won't know how to face him.
I'm all good now.
Nishimiya,
That was probably all.
Did I just do something really creepy?
We've reached your destination, sir.
I hear you came to visit.
Ishida...
Oh, welcome back, Sho.
Yes?
Please tutor me!
You started going to school, huh?
How've you been?
I'm sorry I said all those mean things.
Later.
Gimme a bit more.
A prayer so you'd wake up as soon as possible.
I brought them, but I can't give him those. They came out really badly.
Dumb-ass.
You think I care?
Hey, can you speak Japanese?
Sho-chan, huh?
Pages 20 through 25, and the practice problems on page 32.
Thanks a bunch.
Qid beig sdubborn aready,
Bud I don inden do abologize.
Next, Ishida.
Are you kidding me?
Yes?
And a star.
There.
You're welcome.
If you're wearing these, can you actually hear?
Ugh, what is this?
Is she for real?
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
Er...
And Shimada?
Right?
They were called aliens, and they had a really hard time.
and it pisses me off!
Um, remember me?kametsu: U-Uh...
I came to give this back.
But it really made me happy.
By the way, Sho-chan...
Right back at you, you stupid son!
Morning.
Oh, sorry. I forgot.
Great.
Wanna go to the courtyard?
Figures.
Oh, there is!Referring to the blimp 'oh, there is a blimp' or something like that. kametsu: "That's true!" doesn't fit here.
I'm back.
I'll earn it again.
Hey!
You're a god.
I'm glad it had your address on it.
Morning.
Over here, Ishida-kun.
Feel free to tell me.
And that is what friends are.
Wow, that's kinda unexpected.
If you're here just to make yourself feel better, please leave.
Are we done here?
Hey, laddy!
Hey, look.
Nagatsuka-kun!
Hey, laddy.
What a creep!
Hey, laddy!
Not happening, I'm not allowed to go out while I'm suspended.
Someone's inside!
Oh, that was you?
You have a daughter?
She's my sister's!
Here, Yuzuru-kun.
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
You can have them.
But this also concerns me.
Later.
I'm here to return the umbrella I borrowed.
Wow, laddy.
You have one too, right?
Is there anyone else you'd like to text?
What?
Huh?
Long time no see, huh?
Yeah, yeah.
We're giving out discount coupons!
Please visit!
I couldn't do the things she does.
Should I keep going and have Ueno meet Nishimiya too?
Well, you know...
Maybe we should leave?2 Speakers
Go, go!
How have you been?
Huh?
Is it out of guilt or something?
Sorry!
What the heck are these?
...moo.
Cut it out, guys.
The other day, Mashiba-kun said he'd like to be friends with you.
Ishida.
Uh, yeah.
Huh?
I want some takoyaki.
Thank you.
Sorry! I'll text you!
Everything would've been fine and dandy if it wasn't for Nishimiya-san, right?
The thing with Shimada...
Hey!
It's true!
Yasho!
Still, Mashiba-kun said I should forgive you if you apologized to Nishimiya-san.
Nao-chan badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara-san!
You're not at all trying to figure out who you are as a person.
Have some sweet bean dumplings.
Hey, Nishimiya. How are you doing?
Huh?
I'll be fine from here.
Hang in there, Yuzuru.
You look good.
Wait, what?
What? They're all weird photos.
Oh, and thank you for inviting me over the other day.
June 7th?
I'll walk you.
Huh?
Why...
Nishimiya, grab the ledge!
They moved him to a ward room today.
You see, Shokofscx150
Please raise your head.
Quit trying to be some tragic heroine!
You're a cancer, Nishimiya.
And who the hell are you?!
What are you doing?
I'm glad you're all right.
I couldn't change.
You gan jange from now,
What is all this?!
Nishimiya...
I'd probably created a convenient image of you in my head.
I wanted to talk to you more.
But I hurt you
No!
I'm so sowwy!
Listen, Nishimiya.
But that wasn't right.
I'd felt the same way as you forever,
Nishimiya.
Oh, Shimada and Hirose were the ones who pulled you up when you fell.
Thanks for having me.
Yes?
That's right. My son is invincible.
I'm sorry I said all those mean things.
Nothing.
Shall we?
Isn't that Ishida?
Huh? That's weird.
Ishida-kun!
May I?
God, this is seriously yummy!
What?
So?
Watch your mouth, Nao.
Uh...
Oh.
Ow, that hurts.
Forget it. Next.
Take this seriously, Ishida.Alt: Ishida, stop joking around.
How does this sound?
I'll learn sign language.
I love him. He's too cool.
Ishida, you're going too far.
Who cares?
Come on, Ishida.
I'm very sorry!
Where were we, again...
What is that?
See you tomorrow.
I would never do that!
I'm dryig, ju no!
Hey, who was on day duty yesterday?
What am I saying?
Sho!
Sho's up!
I'm off.
Goodbye, Mommy.
You even sold off your manga, clothes, and bed.
I knew something was off!
Have you submitted your math notebook yet?
I'm back.
You caught me by surprise.Alt: YouThat nearly made me jump; You startled me; You made me start.
Sorry.
I want to go get it.
Excuse me for asking,
Don't worry. It's never coming back.
I'm glad I got it back for you, though.
I sit behind you, you know.
Is something wrong, Yasho?
Say, Nagatsuka...
So, huh...
Wow, that's kinda unexpected.
If you're here just to make yourself feel better, please leave.
Hey, laddy!
My bud says he wants to see Nishimiya!
Quit being an ass and bring her out!
Wow.
Don't know him at all.
And-do-it-right!
I was searching for a reason to meet you.
Is feeding them fun?
Wait, Nishimiya!
Serves you right, jerk.
Is she really okay with it?
Aren't you mad?
I mean, I can kinda guess why you did it.
It's good!
Say aah!
Wait, you two live together?
Trying to make yourself feel better by helping a stray?
And now you've learned sign language?
Sowwy! Sowwy!
You're pretty responsible.
I think you're really responsible, though.
Kawai...?
Um,
Remember Sahara from grade school? Do you know how to contact her?
Take one.
We're giving out discount coupons!
We're giving out discount coupons!
Meow Meow Club?
I couldn't do the things she does.
Should I keep going and have Ueno meet Nishimiya too?
Well, you know...
Is she here?
Sis?
Oh, yeah.
You hate me, don't you?
Why does she have it? Scary.
How have you been?
Huh? You're only wearing one?
Huh?
Friends? That's hilarious!
Yuduwu.
Wait, wait. Before that...
You have your hair in a ponytail today.
Why...?
She's sporting a ponytail?
To the baker's.
We have enoughuf. Yuduwu jud waned do eat.
Say, Nagatsuka.
Cut it out, guys.
Nice to meet you. I'm Sahara.
Hello. I'm Mashiba.
Can I sit with you, Sahara?
Hey, what're youfscx150
I want some takoyaki.
You and I are alike.
Huh?
Secretly filmed them.
I want Nishimiya to come to love herself.
Did something happen between her and Nishimiya?
Don't you agree, Ishida?
What're you talking about?
Yasho?
But it was all your fault to begin with.
Mean!
Enough.
You're just gonna run and regret it again, since you're a coward.
Oh, buzz off. You don't know the first thing about me.
And here I thought we were friends.
Summer break starts next week.
You're skipping out on the senior citizen meets to learn sign language.
Then I'm doing it for myself too.
Is that so?
I'll walk you. Where to?
Because I'm worried about you.
I wanna love people.
Hey, Nishimiya.
What?
What?!
Get out.
I picked a photo and submitted it to the prefectural photography contest.
Then it's already passed!
Whoa, it's dark.
Nishimiya?
Nishimiya!
Nishimiya, grab the ledge!
Oh, you can see him now.
Let go together. Come see him.kametsu: Come with me. Let him see your face. No English person would say this.
I'm sure my son did something to Shoko again.
Quit trying to be some tragic heroine!
I'm sorry, huh?
Are you her mother?!
Stop...
Shall we head someplace else? I'll get you a drink.
You went and saw everyone, huh?
I couldn't change.
I'm still the same old coward.
Nishimiya.
Nishimiya...
Nishimiya,
I'd felt the same way as you forever,
Oh wait...kametsu: "H-Huh?" It is more literal but lacks translating the idea realization
Oh, Shimada and Hirose were the ones who pulled you up when you fell.
I'm sorry too.
That's right. My son is invincible.
Give her the jelly in the fridge.
Wow, are you serious? That's crazy.
Well, I'll give it my best shot.
Later.
Shall we?
Isn't that Ishida?
This is my class.
It's Ishida!
Nagatsuka?
Oh.
Well, I guess that's just who you are.
Thank you for everything.
Lucky you, Ishida.
Huh?
Same as Ishida, then.
Gimme your notebook.
Finally, there's the load that is raised or lowered.
I'll tell you when to start, okay?
Qid beig sdubborn aready,
sai Mom wid an egasberaded loog.
What?
Looking good!
I'll wipe it for you, okay?
Nishimiya, are you all right?
That four-eyes really pisses me off.
You're in the way.
What is she doing?
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
Actually, her mother called yesterday.
And the girls were badmouthing her all the time!
You're so mean, Ishida!
He made her cry...
Shoya!
and it pisses me off!
Come on, out with it!
What was that for?
I came to give this back.
Don't cry.
Sho!
What're you grinning for?
I'm truly sorry!
I'm back.
What? What the heck?
Dude, just let it go.
Hey!
You're a god.
I-Is Nishimiya here?
Dumped in a paddy field.
Man, I had to look everywhere.
Let's go hang out after school today.
Is something wrong, Yasho?
Look, Yasho.
How stupid.
I'm Shoko's boyfriend.
For the bread, not me.
If you're here just to make yourself feel better, please leave.
What's going on?
Isn't that Yuzuru?
Forget it. Let's go.
Hey, laddy!
W-What was that for?
Shoko's such a fool.
Serves you right, jerk.
Did you see this?
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
I had it coming.
I'm hungry!
Where's Sis?
Oh, you...
And I can't let you catch a cold, for Nishimiya's sake.
This is far enough.
I'm back.
Yuduwu!
I'm sorry too.
Hey, laddy.
What brings you here today?
She's Nishimiya's little sister.
Huh?
Hey!
Huh? Ishida?
Wait, is that right?
Okay, got it.
Ueno?
Take one.
O-One hour, please.
Elaborate.
U...
Wait, what?
Not really.
Is it out of guilt or something?
I'm up. Too surprised to sleep.
Wait, wait. Before that...
You have your hair in a ponytail today.
Nishimifscx150
Do I dalk weerd?
Thank you.
The moon?
Say, Nagatsuka.
Seriously, what the heck are these?
Why'd you change your hairstyle?
Why are you here?
Beats me.
But I tried changing my perspective a little.
You're being rude to my Yasho!
Anyone who wants to approach Yasho has to go through me!
Look, Ueno.
Take this with you, Sis.
I want Nishimiya to come to love herself.
I can't stand stuff like that.
You know, I tried to stop him.
You okfscx150
You've got it wrong, Nao.
Ah.
I was only telling the truth!
Neither of you!
Enough.
Stop thinking you can decide everything for others.
Yasho...
See you.
Ishida, you're too awful.
You think?
I will!
Ishida.
How do I look?
It's from Sis. Gotta go.
Really, you don't have to.
I wanna love people.
I'm really enjoying my time, seriously.
What are you making?
What?!
What's the big deal? It's a happy occasion.
Nah, I'll pass.
Was your mother...
June 7th?
Oh, she is here.
What are you doing?
They moved him to a ward room today.
Let go together. Come see him.kametsu: Come with me. Let him see your face. No English person would say this.
Say something.
I caused everyone trouble and was really hurt by it,
Are you her mother?!
He made me realize for the first time what a best friend was.
I see.
Nishimiya,
and forced you into making the worst possible choice.
No!
Oh, Shimada and Hirose were the ones who pulled you up when you fell.
Welcome back.
Well, I'm out.
I'll go pick up Maria.
Give her the jelly in the fridge.
I wanna live up to her expectations.
Nothing.
Isn't that Ishida?
This is my class.
Nishimiya...
Yasho?
Hey, Yasho.
Ishida!
I'm so glad you're all right!
Those things happen in life.
So please, Yasho...
You were going through so much, but I was no help.
I haven't changed at all.
You apologized again.
Let's check out the gym next.
That'll get you around 30,000 yen in total.
Watch your mouth, Nao-chan.
Finally, there's the load that is raised or lowered.
I'll tell you when to start, okay?
Ow!
Are you kidding me?
Take this seriously, Ishida.Alt: Ishida, stop joking around.
In order to talk to Shoko-chan lots more,
Sa.
Aren't her clothes lame as hell?
Via this book, the author...
What are you doing, Ishida?
And a star.
Right, what kind of houses they lived in.
They dug holes in the ground and placed pillars in them.
Yes, sir!
Shimada, you did just as much as me!
You're so mean, Ishida-kun!
Hold on!
Yeah, it's true!
Uh...
You forgot this.
Wake up!
I knew it.
Oh...
I'm truly sorry!
I won't do it!
It's a promise, okay?
W-Water!
Sorry.
Can't you just take your own bike?
Hey, knock it off.
Help me!
Uh...
This is it!
There he is.
Ishida-kun!
Where did you find it?
Oh, uh...
I'm Nagatsuka.
Ishida-kun.
You know, does one need to fulfill any requirements to be a friend?
How stupid.
Goodbye.
Quit being an ass and bring her out!
My, if it isn't the boy from the other day.
Ow!
Don't know him at all.
Ishida-kun...
What's wrong?
Sorry I dropped it.
Serves you right, jerk.
What the heck? Isn't that Ishida-kun?
Huh? What's this?
Hey...
Hey!
Great.
They're mine, but I don't wear them anymore.
Huh...
Man...
I have no right to live.
But this also concerns me...
Oh, you're Nishimiya-san's mother...
Let's go.
I'm here to return the umbrella I borrowed.
Wow, laddy.
You're pretty responsible.
She's Nishimiya's little sister.
Will you go see this Sahara-san?
Kawai-san.
Crap. I'm running low on cash.
S-Sorry.
I've kept studying sign language.
I'm really sorry.
Huh...
We're giving out discount coupons!
All right.
Welcofscx150
Things are pretty awkward right now.
Maybe we should leave?2 Speakers
Wait, what?
Long time no see.
Still alone, I see.
Long time no see, Nishimiya-san!
Are you two going out?
Yuduwu.
Hey, Kawai-san.
The other day, Mashiba-kun said he'd like to be friends with you.
Oh, that would've really annoyed her.
Follow me, and don't fall behind!
Someone Shoko knows?
Wow.
Huh?
Run away, Mashiba-kun!
I want some takoyaki.
Let's go buy some.
The thing with Shimada...
Hey.
Yeah.
What about her?
I never badmouthed Nishimiya-san.
That's right! Ishida-kun bullied Nishimiya-san!
There you are, Ishida-kun!
I called her.
But it was all your fault to begin with.
Still, Mashiba-kun said I should forgive you if you apologized to Nishimiya-san.
Wait a second.
Huh? You're asking me?
You're just gonna run and regret your cowardice again, anyway.
I shouldn't have come.
Your eyes will go bad if you read in the dark.
You're a good girl.
Your heart is pure.
Guess I'll go home.
It's a uniform, obviously.
And why is that?
Oh, wow!
I wanna see the ocean.
Shall we go watch a movie?
I'm here.
I see...
What's up?
Is it charged?
What are you doing?
Why...
I called the shop, but nobody answered.
We caused you trouble once again.
I'm just glad Shoko-chan's all right.
piss me off the most!
Are you her mother?!
What was I supposed to do?
She's holding it shut!
You mean what happened at the bridge?
He made me realize for the first time what a best friend was.
I'd probably created a convenient image of you in my head.
Looks like I was trying to give up on everything.
...live.
Oh, Maria. You're watering the flowers?
They asked me not to tell you, but screw that.
That's right. My son is invincible.
My daughter's husband. He came back.
Yuzu-chan's upstairs.
I wanna live up to her expectations.
Is that how they're used?
I've never told you this before,
but I don't fit in at school.
I can walk just fine.
Gimme a bit more.
Yasho!
Oh, and...
You got them?
I've never got anything like this before,
so it makes me really happy.
Nah. You're amazing.
I'll go get some fried chicken.
Let's check out the gym next.
How can he come to school?
Thank you for everything.
Okay, note down the following sections.
Ow, that hurts.
Ow!
Take this seriously, Ishida.Alt: Ishida, stop joking around.
It's a language where you use your hands.
In order to talk to Shoko lots more,
Excuse me, ma'am.
Sa.
Oh, he'll be on a TV show next week. Can't miss it for the world.
And a star.
You're welcome.
Where were we, again...
Show me for a sec.
Have any of you spotted any acts of bullying or harassment toward Nishimiya?
Yes, sir!
And Shimada?
Shimada, you did just as much as me!
Shoya!
I'm dryig...
Remember me?
Nishimiya!
All the pages were ripped off from April...
Hey, Mom!
What have I done?
Yes?
Better get on that, then.
Come, let's eat.
Starving!
Can't you just take your own bike?
You can take mine.
Friends...
Makes us seem like big friends, right?
We're best friends.
For the bread, not me.
Isn't that Yuzuru?
Stop it.
Are you peeping at them?
Hmm?
Ishida's waving his hands around.
Wow.
I've spent the past two weeks thinking about what friendship means.
Ishida jumped into the river?!
W-What was that for?
Is she really okay with it?
Waifscx150
Where are your shoes?
Said she'd be late tonight.
Here, umbrella.
Knew it.
I had a fight with Shoko.
I used her shampoo without asking her.
She told me go away.
We only have the one, right?
Well, I should've brought two.
I know you made fun...
You made fun of her because she can't hear, right?
I have no right to live.
That won't happen.
I want some of Grandma's perilla juice.
Nagatsuka, that's not a laddy.
Is there anyone else you'd like to text?
Sahara, from grade school?
Remember Sahara from grade school? Do you know how to contact her?
Hey!
Sis was pissed off you were leaving her out even though she was the one who asked.
Sorry, but take her with you, Ishida.
Long time no see, huh?
What a pleasant surprise.
We're giving out discount coupons!
Take one.
Welcome!
How long would you like to stay?
A lot happened in sixth grade.
Sis?
Isn't that Nishimiya?
Not really.
What are you doing, Ueno?
How? Why?
You've gotten really lame, Ishida.
What we were talking about?
Wait. Use sign language.
Thank you.
Nishimiya gave them to me earlier.
What?
Ueno? Why?
I was a coward, you see.
No way! Don't think it's that easy!
You and I are alike.
Video of the Ferris wheel?
Huh? Why do you ask?
You know, I tried to stop him.
Don't lump me in with you.
Yeah, I'm not.
What do you think, Sahara?
Enough.
See you.
Sorry, Ishida.
Meanwhile, I'm worried about you.
All you care about is your sister.
Have some sweet bean dumplings.
I will.
Um...
You don't have to.
Do whatever you want.
Oh, wow!
Nishimiya, let's go check it out.
I don't feel like I can ever fix this.
We should totally go somewhere.
Looks like you avoided getting killed, Ishida.
Wait, what?
What? They're all weird photos.
Yeah. You think she was happy?
I couldn't tell from her poker face.
I see...
See you.
Oh, she is here.
Nishimiya?
Why, Nishimiya?
Oh, Yuzuru.
piss me off the most!
Are you okay?
More or less.
That was probably all.
I'm so sowwy!
Maria, Sho came back to life.
Ishida...
Yes?
Looks good.
Please tutor me!
I'm off.
The one who was hospitalized?
but I don't fit in at school.
So I feel much better when I look down.
Yasho!
Yasho, do you have a stomach ache?
If you...
Yasho.
What's with the mustache?
Thank you, Kawai.
And I'm sorry.
Well, I guess that's just who you are.
Oh, forget it.
Count me in.
Take your seats, class.
It's a girl.
What? Not nice.
Here's your punishment for being a lame-o.
Thanks a bunch.
You call that a reading, Ueno?
Oh, he'll be on a TV show next week. Can't miss it for the world.
Come on, Ishida.
I'm not!
Actually, her mother called yesterday.
And the girls were badmouthing her all the time!
Yes, of course!
Be a good boy from tomorrow.
Hey.
I finally understand what she meant.
You even sold off your manga, clothes, and bed.
W-Well, a lot happened...
If you don't promise not to kill yourself, I'll burn this up.
Uh... I'm sorry!
Sorry, I won't do it! Seriously!
Good.
Hey, Mom!
W-Water!
Kawai.
Have you submitted your math notebook yet?
Oh, sorry. I forgot.
It's true!
I'm back.
Let go!
This is it!
Nishimiya Shoko isn't here.
Where did you find it?
I'm glad I got it back for you, though.
Feel free to tell me.
For the bread, not me.
So, huh...
Here, take the bread, at least.
Nagatsuka-kun...
Ow!
Are you peeping at them?
Wow.
I never knew he had that skill.
Bread. For the carp.
What?!
What the heck? Isn't that Ishida-kun?
See you again...
Time to go home, Maria.
Sho-tan!
Someone's inside!
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
Boy, am I ever glad it was you.
You should go home soon, too.
Damn it...
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
Why'd you run away from home?
What is your deal, Mr. Holier-Than-Thou?
Think you're a better person now?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm terribly sorry to burst your bubble,
I'm back.
Sa... ha... ra?
Ishida-kun, take this.
Remember me?
I've kept studying sign language.
What's your cup size?
O-One hour, please.
Crap. He really came.
Right. Your friend...
Huh?
I gave it to her.
Gotcha.
Of course not.
Nothing, really.
Yeah?
Ead breag
Nishimiya?
What the heck are these?
Hello. I'm Mashiba.
Don't go over my head!
She went home, saying her tummy hurt.Alt: saying she had a stomach-ache. Sounds better but short on time
Let's line up for that one first, everyone!
What's with her?
Someone Shoko knows?
We're in the same design course in school.
You must've worked hard to pick it up, Ishida-kun.
Hey! What's with your hand?
Run away, Mashiba-kun!
Huh?
You don't need to play peacemaker.
Didn't I do the exact same thing?
And you and Shimada wouldn't have fallen out.
It's all on me.
It was so scary.
Nao-chan?
Still, Mashiba-kun said I should forgive you if you apologized to Nishimiya-san.
What do you think, Sahara?
Huh? You're asking me?
Nao-chan badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara-san!
What's gotten into you, Ishida-kun?
Yasho...
Your eyes will go bad if you read in the dark.
You're skipping out on the senior citizen meets to learn sign language.
You're a good girl.
I haven't gone to school in forever, too.
I got some really nice bread today.
Do you have another stomach ache?
Wait, that's weird.
It's a uniform, obviously.
Uh, aren't we on summer break right now?
Shall we go watch a movie?
Looks like you avoided getting killed, Ishida.
By the way, Yuzuru.
Who asked you two?
There's a fireworks show next Tuesday, Ishida.
Yeah.
When is your birthday?
And the hospital said no visits.
I'm sorry.
Quit trying to be some tragic heroine!
Shall we head someplace else? I'll get you a drink.
You went and saw everyone, huh?
I'm still the same old coward.
Nishimiya...
I wanted to talk to you more.
Are you gonna die?!
Maria, Sho-chan came back to life.
I hear you came to visit.
Guess I don't have to.
They asked me not to tell you, but screw that.
Oh, welcome back, Sho-chan.
Thanks for having me.
My daughter's husband. He came back.
Wow, are you serious? That's crazy...
You started going to school, huh?
What?
Who?
I can walk just fine.
Thanks, Nishimiya.
Ishida-kun?
Yasho, why are you looking down?
Huh? That's weird.
Ishida-kun!
If you hadn't woken up, it would've been all over for me!
Yasho!
Those things happen in life.
What's with the mustache?
It's fine. Hand them over.
Sorry...
Huh?
What's your problem, Kawai? You wanna go?
She was too embarrassed.
I'd like us to check out the festival together.
It's a girl.
I give up! I'm tapping out!
Levers fall under three classes based on their locations.
You, uh, went too early.
I'll copy my notes for you later.
Keep scoring them brownie points.
Right?
Oh, he'll be on a TV show next week. Can't miss it for the world.
Via this book, the author...
Ishida, you're going too far.
There.
Hey, Nishimiya.
Lemme see.
You're in the way.
Actually, her mother called yesterday.
In the past five months, eight of Nishimiya's hearing aids have been lost or broken.
Hearing aids are apparently very expensive.
Ishida...
Ueno.
Huh?!
Wait...
Especially Ueno and Kawai.
Goodbye.
Shoya!
Are you causing trouble for others?
Let's go home, Sho.
What? If you got something to say, say it!
What?
What are you saying?!
And who was on flower duty?
Hello there, Shoko.
Anyway, here.
Don't cry.
I knew it.
Your room was way too clean!
All the pages were ripped off from April...
I'm truly sorry!
I won't do it!
Ishida.
Seriously?
For burning all that money you earned.
But I wouldn't want the money you earned in order to die, anyway.
I'll earn it again.
Somebody help!
Anybody!
Uh, she's right there.
Ishida!
Look at this! Look at this!
Over here, Ishida.
Wow, that's kinda unexpected.
I guess turds of a feather drop together.
Come on, Nagatsuka.Keyframe snap looks worse to me
Forget it. Let's go.
Let me see!
Ishida's waving his hands around.
Who was that turd-head?
Don't fall, laddy.
See you again...
This is you, right?
Hey...
I was the one who tweeted that pic of you.
Coming.
Damn it...
Thanks.
Little sister?!
I'm sorry.
I-I got a cellphone.
D-Do you text your friends and stuff?
Anyone whose number you'd like to know?
Yasho, Yasho.
I think you're really responsible, though.
Yasho?
But Mashiba...
Hey!
Huh? Ishida?
Welco
O-One hour, please.
I don't see her around.
Oh, you're here?
Oh, yeah.
Later.
Ueno?
I'll get going, then.
Wait, wait. Before that...
She's sporting a ponytail?
Can I open it?
Yeah.
Doesn't seem like they're candy.
Something happen?
Really? But it looks nice.
Why, you ask?
She went home, saying her tummy hurt.Alt: saying she had a stomach-ache. Sounds better but short on time
Yeah!2 Speakers
You know sign language?
Hey, what're you
What are you doing?
Sh-Shimada?
Sorry! I'll text you!
I'm not.
If she wasn't around, things wouldn't have gotten awkward between Sahara and me.
What do you think?
Calm down, Kawai.
Really.
I called her.
Nao badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara!
It's all my fault.
Stop thinking you can decide everything for others.
Not another word, Kawai.
It's okay.
Sho.
Summer break starts next week.
Your eyes will go bad if you read in the dark.
Isn't she coming today?
Hey, Yuzu
It's a uniform, obviously.
Later.
Nishimiya, let's go check it out.
Shall we go watch a movie?
Hey.
Right, Yuzuru?
Won't I get slapped again?
That looks great!2 Speakers
I went and said together!
What's up?
But the fireworks aren't over yet.
Nishimiya?
Uh, I'm very sorry.
I'm sorry, huh?
piss me off the most!
Stop...
It's not opening.
We were so worried!
You have to learn to love even the things you hate about yourself and move forward.
Hey.
Come on, don't make that face, Nishimiya...
You fell becas I couldn jange!
Id all my fauld!
H-Huh?
Did I just do something really creepy?
I'm not dead, Maria.
Oh,
Thanks for having me.
Who is that?
Please tutor me!
M-Morning, guys.
Later.
Shall we?
The jumper?
I can keep looking down?
Thanks, Nishimiya.
Yasho...
How're you doing?
Ishida!
So please, Yasho...
Nah. You're amazing.
Come on.
Oh, forget it.
I'll go get some fried chicken.
Watch your mouth, Nao-chan.
Her nickname's Sho-chan.
You need to be smarter about things, or people will start to hate you.
What?
How does this sound?
Yes?
Isn't writing in her notebook good enough?
Ta...
Aren't her clothes lame as hell?
Don't say that, Nao-chan!
Looking good!
All gone.
They dug holes in the ground and placed pillars in them.
That four-eyes really pisses me off.
What is she doing?
Shoya's all red!
Is she for real?
Hold it, Shoya!
Your teacher told me everything.
Get ready.
Drop the goody-two-shoes act!
What's with you?
I didn't get the log.
U-Uh...
Nishimiya?
You forgot this.
Though you might not want to see it.
Please don't cry, Nishimiya.
I mean...
Why'd you want to kill yourself?
If you don't promise not to kill yourself, I'll burn this up.
What won't you do? Spell it out!
I won't try to kill myself!
Ow!
What have I done?
Ishida-kun.
It's true!
Huh? For real?
Look at this! Look at this!
Oh, uh...
Oh, right. This is good bread.
To mark the start of our friendship.
N-Nothing.
Hold out your hand.
What are you doing here?
Oh, no.
Ow!
I'm happy for you, Ishida-kun.
Hey, laddy!
Is she really okay with it?
Huh? What's this?
Ishida-kun, come to the staff room.
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
Aren't you mad?
I'm hungry!
Eat up.
What are you doing?
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
Knew it.
I used her shampoo without asking her.
What the heck?
Think you're a better person now?
Oh, right.
Sowwy! Sowwy!
From your high school?
So?
Will you go see this Sahara-san?
I think you're really responsible, though.
Kawai-san.
Crap. I'm running low on cash.
We're giving out discount coupons!
Please visit!
Oh, do you think Nishimiya would like this?
Let's hang out sometime.
What? I'll pass.
Not really.
H-Hey!
Nothing, really.
What a weird face.
Where I'm going?
It's fine, really.
Thanks.
The moon? Not really, no.
Doesn't seem like they're candy.
Nishimiya gave them to me earlier.
Why'd you change it?
I was just running short on time.
What?
Hello. I'm Mashiba.
Are you all ready?would normally an8 this but for sake of next line
Are you okay with having Ueno around?
When I was in grade school, I was too scared to ride a roller coaster.
Wow.
Hey! What's with your hand?
Anyone who wants to approach Yasho has to go through me!
Huh?
Hey, Ishida?
I'm not mad.
I figured things would work out if you met.
If she wasn't around, things wouldn't have gotten awkward between Sahara and me.
Hey!
I got my hands on some top-secret footage.
But he just wouldn't listen.
You okfscx150
Really.
Don't lump me in with you.
Neither of you!
It's all my fault.
I hate that line of thinking.
I'm on your side, okay.
See you.
I shouldn't have come.
Summer break starts next week.
I haven't gone to school in forever, too.
Wait, that's weird.
Hey, Yuzufscx150
Guess I'll go home.
Seriously, what's up?
I saw you crying earlier.
It doesn't have anything to do with you.
Because I'm worried about you.
Thanks, Ishida.
Nishimiya?
Of course not!
What are you making?
Your mission is to help us bake a birthday cake for our mother.
Won't I get slapped again?
Hey...
You look good.
Will this spot be okay?Alt's: spot do?; spot work?
Was your mother...
When is your birthday?
But...
All right.
Nishimiya!
N-Nishifscx150
And the hospital said no visits.
And who the hell are you?!
Soww...
What was I supposed to do?
But we're all in the same boat, aren't we?
What is all this?!
Nishimiya...
Nishimiya...
Nishimiya,
She nursed you the entire time, you know.
Ishida-kun.
Oh, no...
That's right. My son is invincible.
Moms!
Sure.
Well, I'll give it my best shot.
How've you been?
Have a nice day!
Yasho?
Nagatsuka-kun?
Hey, Nagatsuka-kun. Morning.
I beg you!
I actually wanted to make a thousand of these, but I couldn't.
You're making my skin crawl.
What?
You think I care?
Holy crap!
Do you have a nickname?
Her nickname's Sho.
Nishimiya.
We're screwed.
Thanks a bunch.
You call that a reading, Ueno?
sai Mom wid an egasberaded loog.
Hada...
Even after the experiment, the manganese dioxide...
Hirose, take that side.
We're in the middle of class.
That four-eyes really pisses me off.
Shoya's all red!
Is she for real?
Later, Shoya.
In the past five months, eight of Nishimiya's hearing aids have been lost or broken.
Er...
And Shimada?
Shimada, you did just as much as me!
We're really sorry for everything.
Shut up. I jumped off a bridge like always.
Don't ask me.
Was it true, what your teacher said?
Come on, out with it!
She really pisses me off...
Nishimiya?
Uh...
Oh.
Sho!
Eat up.
I mean...
Your phone was off!
Oh...
Have this translated by next time.
Have you submitted your math notebook yet?
I see.
It's true!
Starving!
Huh? For real?
I need a really neat, natural-sounding excuse.
Where did you find it?
Dumped in a paddy field.
Ishida!
Morning.
How stupid.
I'm Shoko's boyfriend.
So, huh...
It's good bread.
Are we done here?
Hey, look.
Come on, Nagatsuka.Keyframe snap looks worse to me
Wait, you know sign language?
Sorry I dropped it.
Serves you right, jerk.
Hey...
Oh, it's the rat.
I mean, I can kinda guess why you did it.
Coming.
You should go home soon, too.
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
Oh, you...
Trying to make yourself feel better by helping a stray?
You made fun of her because she can't hear, right?
Of course Nishimiya's told you.
I'm a terrible human being.
Hey, laddy.
This is my friend Nagatsuka.
So?
Kawai...?
But Mashiba...
Huh, what the heck? I don't need that much.
S-Sorry.
I've kept studying sign language.
Wait, is that right?
I'm really sorry.
Shall we go in, Nagatsuka?
A lot happened in sixth grade.
Oh, do you think Nishimiya would like this?
Cat!
Sis?
Oh, really?
Gotcha.
Is it out of guilt or something?
What we were talking about?
I'll get going, then.
What a weird face.
Where I'm going?
...moo.
I lub moo!more like like but I guess this works
Yeah.
Nishimiya gave them to me earlier.
Why'd you change your hairstyle?
What did she say?
Of course...
We're in the same design course in school.
I was a coward, you see.
Your legs are shaking, Sho.kametsu: Your legs are all wobbly, Sho.
Go, Yasho! Overtake them!
I want some takoyaki.
Didn't I do the exact same thing?
Hey.
What do you think?
I want Nishimiya to come to love herself.
You were and still are a colossal jerk!
Nao?
Got what wrong?
Yeah, I'm not.
I'm not like you at all. You just laughed and fell in line with what I was doing!
Nao badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara!
It's okay.
Right.
All you care about is your sister.
I got some really nice bread today.
It's good, like you.
Hey, Yuzufscx150
This is great!
Don't ask me.
Hey, Nishimiya.
Where are we going tomorrow?
Your mission is to help us bake a birthday cake for our mother.
Won't I get slapped again?
Hey...
I picked a photo and submitted it to the prefectural photography contest.
Let's celebrate your nineteenth together, okay?
I see...
Is it charged?
Oh, Yuzuru.
Oh, you can see him now.
I'm truly sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're a cancer, Nishimiya.
And who the hell are you?!
What was I supposed to do?
I heard about what happened with Yasho.
You mean what happened at the bridge?
You're strong.
Thank you for coming, Sho.
Hey.
More or less.
Or everything after that, either.
Did I just do something really creepy?
I hear you came to visit.
I wanna live up to her expectations.
M-Morning, guys.
Take care.
Later.
I can walk just fine.
It's Ishida!
I think my tummy hurts.
Yasho!
A prayer so you'd wake up as soon as possible.
I brought them, but I can't give him those. They came out really badly.
Sorry...
Thank you, Kawai.
You too, Mashiba.
Nah. You're amazing.
Listen, I've got a favor to ask of you all.
Let's check out the gym next.
So?
Listen up.
Oh.
These will be on the upcoming quiz.
Screw you too, four-eyes.
Isn't it amazing?
go...
ko...
Aren't her clothes lame as hell?
Hirose, take that side.
Bad, bad boy.
Yikes, who did this?
You're welcome.
What do we do?
Yeah, right! If you've got a problem, say it!
Let's go.
Later, Shoya.
There's something I'd like to discuss with you.
It's about Nishimiya Shoko, who's absent today.
What'd you think of it all, sitting next to him?
And the girls were badmouthing her all the time!
Why would you say that?
Shoya.
Why I know sign language?
I learned it.
Here you go, Sho.
You worked hard at your part-time job, huh?
Good.
What have I done?
Wanna go to the courtyard?
Seriously?
Sho...
I want to go get it.
Somebody help!
Anybody!
Let go!
Don't worry. It's never coming back.
You see, Ishida...
Uh, she's right there.
Uh, who arefscx150
Nagatsuka?
Excuse me? What's your problem?
Isn't that Yuzuru?
Uh...
Is feeding them fun?
Wait, Nishimiya!
What's wrong?
I recently jumped off of Suimon Bridge and into the river despite it being banned
Not happening, I'm not allowed to go out while I'm suspended.
Thanks.
Aren't you Nishimiya's boyfriend?
You'll catch a cold.
Yell at me, dude.
Sho!
You have a daughter?
Aren't you eating, Yuzuru?
Damn it...
That scared me. You suddenly vanished.
Well, I should've brought two.
Think you're a better person now?
That won't happen.
Oh, right.
Hey, you're hurting me.
Hey, laddy.
How are you doing?
Yasho, Yasho.
Yasho?
Kawai.
I brought her.
Long time no see, huh?
I left all of a sudden...
What's wrong?
Ueno?
Meow Meow Club?
All right.
Let's hang out sometime.
Isn't that a pouch from my workplace?
Huh? You're only wearing one?
Sis...
What a weird face.
Ishida, where are you goig?
Hang on, Nishimiya.
See you.
Can I open it?
Do these look like the moon to you?
The other day, Mashiba said he'd like to be friends with you.
She was trying her best to tell me something the other day, and I couldn't get it.
They're such simple words, but I couldn't understand them.
She's acting awfully friendly.
I'm kinda scared.
I learn so much from her artistic sense.
Is your hair natural?
Go, Yasho! Overtake them!
What are you doing?
Huh? H-Hey, wait.
Nobody asked you.
I want to back to how things were before she came.
Take this with you, Sis.
I'm riding the roller coaster again.
Oh, hey. Welcome, Yuzuru.
Yeah.
Secretly filmed them.
Yasho?
Still, Mashiba said I should forgive you if you apologized to Nishimiya.
We?
I'm not like you at all. You just laughed and fell in line with what I was doing!
Nao badmouthed you a ton too, Sahara!
I-I...
Not another word, Kawai.
Ishida, you're too awful.
Here.
You're not at all trying to figure out who you are as a person.
I'm doing it for myself, so it doesn't count.
Hey, Nishimiya. How are you doing?
So...
What the heck?
Why?
I saw you crying earlier.
Thanks, Ishida.
I'm still scared.
Oh, wow!
I wanna love people.
Your mission is to help us bake a birthday cake for our mother.
You look good.
Sho said you should take part.
Oh, is that so?
There it is.
Is it charged?
Nishimiya?
Nishimiya, grab the ledge!
What is wrong with you two?
He made me realize for the first time what a best friend was.
Tahada...
What is all this?!
Nishimiya.
Are you okay?
Nishimiya.
Oh, Maria. You're watering the flowers?
I hear you came to visit.
I'm a really awful person.
Oh, Shimada and Hirose were the ones who pulled you up when you fell.
Welcome back.
Oh, no...
Get a load of this, too.
M-Morning, guys.
Is that how they're used?
Shall we?
Is the water ready?
Yasho!
Yasho?
Yasho, why are you looking down?
Ishida!
I actually wanted to make a thousand of these, but I couldn't.
You too, Mashiba.
I'm the same.
Well, I guess that's just who you are.
May I?
God, this is seriously yummy!
Count me in.
Kudere...
I've decided to take this one.
Don't take off my apron!
It's so obvious in every way
I want to make you happy
...my feature.
It's too much.
Not until you get to a higher level.
That's being selfish?
Oh, yeah, I'm fine.
You...
They might have been possessed by the souls of people.
I thought I was born into this world to work hard as a maid.
When you go outside, you have to put on these outdoor clothes, not that indoor outfit.
If a maid robot runs away from the master,
I don't need anyone else but her!
I'm Takaya Murase.
That's not a compromise!
Look, I'm a bunny-rabbit.
...and Ran Mido, in the name of A-cup idol priestess sisters,
You don't need to say something unnecessary like "A-cup", Ran.
No! It's my mom who's lost.
I'm Minori Sumitomo.
So, that's your uniform?
Are you serious?
I'm proud of her. Doesn't she look good?
I'm Takaya Murase.
No, another pervert!
You are too young to say that!
Where have you been, Mom?
I'm Kanae Hagiwara. I'm a widow.
Well, usually only Minori's fans would show up, but today thanks to Yui, it's a full house.
You two helped us a lot. Thank you!
So, I am babysitting today.
Well, it's okay while he's asleep quietly.
Do you want food? Or did you poop?
I know! Now's the time to show the power of a maid by Maid Works.
But this seems to be for adults.
Maybe I should go home early.
That was a close one.
What was that?
Huh? Welcome home, Mr. Murase.
What the heck is that?
Just smiling isn't enough
The Younger-sister type.
Yeah, of course.
Pig?!
You're too much!
All I need is an apron.
...I ended up with the wrong master?
I can put it on by myself!
That's how I'm programmed.
How could you throw away the dolls? They might have possessed souls of their own.
So let me help you put this on!
The situation made me run away from his room...
Yui?
I thought of it long before I met you.
It's a name only for you.
Nooooo!!
If you want to treat me like a doll,
Hey, what's your name?
Because girls should wear different clothes everyday.
Heaven, boobs, and people know us!
...Midou Ran, in the name of 'A-cup Idol Miko Sisters'...
No! Just Mom is lost...
Yup.
Why did you look away from me!?
Oh, you have company?
while satisfying your requirements for costumes. I find it admirable.
And speaking of your style, you don't spoil her appealing features...
I'm Murase Takaya.
From the past...
Mom!
I haven't had a happier day than this in a while.
Thank you for taking care of my daughter.
However, thanks to Yui-chan, we have a great deal of customers today.
If you work here, I will too!
There's no reason to...
Ah, nice....
I'm surrounded by Murase-san's collection of inanimate objects everyday.
Ah, Murase-san is out now.
'Cause I was born as a woman.
What's wrong?
My breasts don't produce milk.
Murase-san!
In this case, I should try the Maid's function made by Maid Works!
Oh, so small.
Oh no! I never imagined that my maid functions could be damaged by pee.
My bad.
What should I do?
Please wait!
I'm trying to prepare myself for it.
Man, you're just like him.
Oh, you can't put that into your mouth.
Don't, okay?
I'm sorry for being late...
This is what babysitters have to wear.
Eh? Isn't it good?
She's also a maid robot, but look at the difference.
But in reality, it's like this.
I'm just a left over.
Oh, it's Yui. That's rare.
but there's a black aura moving around!
It's raining today, the customers are leaving...
Murase-san!
The difference between us cannot be bridged so easily.
I-It's cold.
Please treat them with care.
What's wrong? This isn't like you.
What do you think of my skills? Yui-san.
But, I will also do my best!
As long as I try a little, winning is to be expected.
If you're not busy, can you help me put on sunscreen?
Pull the right leg out before it totally sinks in, pull the left let out before it totally sinks in... like this!
Just repeat that!
Ah! Water! Water!
I'll have to work here to get my traveling fees.
We'll remember this!
Did you have fun today?
If someone's happy or not... Please don't decide by yourself!
Eh... I'm sorry, Ayumi-chan.
How do you get them so big?
That's because... I drink milk and I'm not picky with food.
If my breasts become bigger, Takaya might like me too.
Because...
I'll feel bad.
They are famous professionals in the world of making robots.
I finally found you, Takaya!
Don't tell me you are... Sakuya!
But Takaya is more amazing.
How could that be...
You want to look at the enlarged version of Sakuya, right?
Seriously, something like a curse is unscientific.
He doesn't have a job.
I'm not an ecchi maid robot!
What is it?
W-w-what are you saying so suddenly?
Murase-san!
Oh that, it's funny thinking about it.
She's like a storm.
Good morning, Kuon-chan.
How could I let a new girl screw things up?
Ah! No. I'm still in class!
I'll leave it to you, class rep.
W-What is it?
Um... Masturbating...
Shocking! It's a shock to the class-rep!
It's noisy... in this toilet.
I will investigate it thoroughly later.
Greetings.
Yes! Good day.
Occurrences like these are the reason we modified the chip.
Get back to your seats!
Traps!
That kid... She dodged our attacks.
Who there!?
Onee-sama.
If Yui was in the same grade as me...
I've always been watching you.
Sorry, Yui.
Murase-san... He came back tired and late last night.
No wonder Takaya-kun hasn't been coming often.
Then what is Murase-san doing?
Ayumi, where are you?
That is... a maid robot's...
Yui...
Normally, it would reboot after some time.
I really don't know, when did this shop start to break down..?
Kanae-san made an unnecessary joke.
But except for us today, no one came, Mama.
That... even though we had the same feeling some time ago...
Even the shop is like this...
Just leave the chores to Sakuya!
Uh... That... Not really...
Yeah, Kuon is right.
Murase-san?
Anyways, who is that person?
Oh, it's Yui-chan.
Hello, I've come to pick up the stuff that I ordered.
Nice to meet you, Yui-san.
Huh?
That is the uniform here, right?
C... Can't it be... You've been abandoned by your master?
You must feel really painful.
Kuon?
Fellow maid robots who have gathered here, please complete the different requests for the test.
Onee-san, do your best!
This stage needs the master and maid to participate together, to show the quality of service.
I'll go first.
What I want to do...
Even though he's the weird Murase-san...
Yui-chan, hurry up.
Because Kuon is the best maid robot in my store.
I cannot let her go because she's so well made.
Do you have a problem? You told me to come in the first place.
The best maid robot is slowly waiting for her destined master...
Thank you very much!
Oh my
Who would've guessed that I'm having contact with Murase-san so naturally.
No... I think that's different from Takaya-san's interests...
How can a girl be like that?
You must wash it throughly then.
If it's not like that, then there will be no proof that it existed!
Except for Ayumi, he left a lot more for me.
You should get that too.
Um... really?
Is Minori alright?
I've had a great day with Yui today.
I've said the wrong thing.
Today... is an important present to me.
It made me feel weird.
My reaction was too great, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I've seen it on T.V.
Takaya's ultimate customized figurine - Sakuya.
Oh... MP is amazing...
But, bringing me home so suddenly...
You want to look at the enlarged version of Sakuya, right?
Oh yeah, on the day that Yui came...
Seriously, something like a curse is unscientific.
But... the things you've done to Sakuya-san, you still want to do it?
You still haven't slept yet, Yui.
Are you together with Sakuya-san?
Oh, really?
Actually...
W...What are you saying so suddenly?
I'm afraid to tell you...
The Takaya who wants to release his secret energy.
I'm afraid we can't let you 'test drive' them like a car, because you might damage them.
Test drive, eh...
The Younger-sister type.
Well, but that is a Maid type robot.
You are small... and cute.
That would be part of the good service from the store manager.
All I need is an apron.
That's not something needed for a maid's work.
Disposed of?
This is the reason why I bought you.
The situation made me run away from his room...
No girl has such a hobby.
But I've thrown your favourite...
So, you were the one back then...
Me too. I'd like to serve you.
Good to hear...
What's past is past. Don't worry about it.
What?! Didn't you just say you'd compromise?!
Nooooo!!
Why do you have so many different kinds of maid costumes?
You like rabbits, don't you?
So don't give me a surly look.
No! Just Mom is lost...
What's your name?
I've been dreaming of running a cafe that has this kind of costume since I was little.
And speaking of your style, you don't spoil her appealing features...
Are you really okay with being treated like a toy?
Anytime.
Boyish but seductive!
And you've already grown up to become a girl who looks good in cute dresses.
You met your Mom at last. Good for you!
There's no other way then.
Come on, Yui-chan!
What does this screaming mean?!
It was rather noisy over there when I called.
Don't tell me, that is...
I can't take my eyes off you.
Yeah, I'm back.
I'm talking about the other thing!
Except for this weird uniform.
Of course, I can.
I'm Kuon. Nice to meet you, Yui.
No, this is...
And yet, I asked you personal questions.
Hello, it's a cute outfit.
Watashi ga maid de anata wa goshujin
So desho? So desho?
I'm a Leftover After All
X day of 0 month Today is my first day on display. I wonder what will my master be like? X day of O month...
X day of 0 month Today, the brand-new pigtail type was taken. The clothes and the tag weren't even on. X day of O month...
You saw it...
And it's half price... That's so pitiful.
please complete the different challenges and fulfill your master's expectations.
Good luck, Luchima.
You can do it, Yui! Mr. Murase!
Next, it's the final stage. Service Test
We will need the masters of the participants to participate to show the quality of service.
Yui, what did you think about my performance?
Even though he is hopeless,
Because you are the best maid robot that I made.
Absolutely not!
There's another weird person around me now.
Actually, Yui seems to be pretty shocked.
My suggestion wasn't bad, right?
I brought you to a nice place like this, so just have fun.
Tayaka!
If you're not busy, can you please put some sunscreen on me?
Dad!
That's an old theory! Like this, you just have to repeat it.
Transform! My heart aches
But the child is still young.
Minori's breasts are huge.
No, I think that has nothing to do with Takaya's interest.
Oh my goodness... Stop right there!
so you should wash your body thoroughly.
I'm jealous.
You're a girl who's going after material, Yui.
Because if not, I won't have any proof that I existed.
Even though my husband passed away, he left not only Ayumi, but a lot more.
Oh my, it's the shame of a young lady.
I'm sorry about earlier. I said something the wrong way.
It's a promise.
It can't be! Are you Sakuya?
See you later.
You're playing innocent.
Hey, a girl shouldn't say things like that.
You're a maid robot on the frontier of science, so it's convincing.
I'm very thankful to him.
I've seen his wild solo activities.
I thought you came back.
For that reason, Yui,
Furifuri wo makichirashi kyo mo
Tsumi fukaki futatsu no fukurami
Suki desu suki desu
Suki datte itterunndamon
Yasashii dake ja tsumi desu
It was a bummer. I stayed up too late last night.
Oh, I'm sorry. I was born with them and I can't do anything about it.
Your verbal abuse is unacceptable.
If you see me undressed, they're decent.
Hurry up and go back to your seats, Potato heads!
Watch your mouth, Ayumi.
Is it all right for a robot like me to take this class?
I'll take her.
Come on, Yui, are you all right?
What are you talking about? I...
There's no room for excuse.
Later, I'll pursue this once and for all.
It can increase the speed up to three times.
We've been caught.
It's slimy, tis is the first time in this series.
Here, the last ones. Auntie, the special noodle bread please.
I knew you were naughty.
Kuon!
I guess there's no choice. I'll put it on you too. No!
I guess there's no choice. I'll put it on you too.
Stop!
No, if someone sees that place...
I'm sorry!
Amazing, something like that.
Huh?
You get a special type of affection that normal maids don't get.
Takaya! Takaya, Takaya!
doesn't necessarily mean you can make a fool of MW's maid robots.
This is from MP.
Sakuya, are you sure they walked this way?
It's normal for a maid robot to know what the master is doing.
But now it becomes clear.
we only have to respect his wishes as a loyal maid.
Then, why?
The fruit of my dream is still in business.
But Yui is my friend and I like her very much, so...
but she takes good care of the clothes Takaya made.
Thank you very much, store manager.
Not that woman, but me.
Yui?
Do you like humans after all, Mr. Murase?
I only need you, Yui. So, am I not allowed to be with you?
Store manager?
I'm surprised that even Kuon didn't recognize me.
What was I worried about? Not at all, the pleasure was mine.
You woke up, Yui?
Anata tono jikan wa daiji nandesu To spend time with you is precious
Anata ga irukara warashi ga iru Because of you, I exist
She's so beautiful...
Yes, I'm alright!
These are born like that, I do not have control over it.
Someone like Yui-san will never understand.
I'm talking about yours, Yui-san.
How could I let a new girl screw things up?
I'll leave it to you, class rep.
Don't act dumb.
I will investigate it throughly later.
Yes! Greetings.
Due to this, that's why we use the specialty of the chip to modify it.
Nee-sama.
Traps!
Yui-san, why are you so wet?
No.
Sakuya-kun.
True, luckily I bought you when I started working.
Hello?
I don't get it.
Sa... ku... ya... san...
whileMurase-san?
Then, we shall confirm it.
It's normal for a maid robot to find out what her master is doing!
Ayumi, where are you?
He's really together with another woman.
After Yui-san and Takaya-san came, the customers...
Takaya-kun wants to spend more time with Yui-chan.
To be honest, he has a good relationship with other females...
W... Where are you going?
That sort of thing... I will not permit it!
I only need Yui.
I got excited too...
Then my troubles... what...
Eh? Yui-chan?!
Honestly, it's been a hard time since I've met Murase-san.
There's nothing that will leave nothing.
Hmm?
Peach blossoms, eh?
You're villains who take advantage of these turbulent times to harass innocent people.
bring it on!
something dangerous like this wouldn't have happened.
This world has become unpleasant.
To have robbers appearing that close to a village...
Kids...
But still, what are her parents doing?
Close your eyes and don't move. Don't make a sound, no matter what.
You?
From this point on is the territory of the Lin Lin Bandit Group!
Hey, ugly woman!
Wh-Wh-Who's an old woman, who's...
Even though I want to commend you for being clever kids...
Let's bury her?
Grinding vise!
You won't?
What is your name?
What have you done to my friends?
You're pretty tenacious.
Same to you.
S-So what?!
My village got caught up in the war.
H-Hey, what's wrong?
It's not a bad thing to have ambition.
Um, I feel like I'm sleeping together with my mom.
D-Don't say something stupid!
Okay. I'll be your older sister.
Actually, it's just a journey to find the way to change this world, but...
What are you going to do? Are you coming with me?
Nah, it's fine.
At the end of the second century AD, this world is in disarray.
Next episode, on Koihime Musou, Second Feast:
Huh, right there?
Kan'u-dono.
Enshou in Kishuu, Sonsaku in Koutou, and Sousou who has been prominent lately in the capital...
What do you mean?
Therefore, wouldn't it be better to hire Kan'u-dono after ascertaining her true strength?not literal
Considering where these robbers appear, we're sure that their hideout is on Shakudouzan mountain.
A noisy person like you couldn't possibly do it.
I just need to stay still like this. It's simple.
If the two of us hide in that, our bodies will be touching each other.
What's wrong?
You must be really desperate if you're starting to hear things.was: to have an auditory hallucination.
I feel a bit uneasy about having just this with so many enemies around.
It couldn't be helped.
Who are you?
This is enough against low-lifes like you.
Chouun.
What do you plan to do?
Yes. Because Kan'u-dono hasn't returned yet, she said she's worried, and she went to the robbers' hideout too.
The key.
Aisha!
Lin Lin, cut down that tree so it falls over here!
Why?
It's okay.
That was close.
Yeah.
It's strange.
She doesn't have the ability to control these turbulent times, and she doesn't really stand out.
When I go shopping, it always takes me there and back.
Bro, could she be the black-haired bandit hunter?
Well, that was unfortunate.
After that, her grandfather, who lives in a mountain hut nearby, picked her up,
And what else...
This time he finally snapped.
What will happen if she's caught?
Well... I don't call myself that, but...
What do we do?
Really?
Get beaten!
You must be Rinrin.
Then, allow me to ask.
What did you do to my friends?!
I just want you to apologize to the chief and the village people, and improve your behavior.
Then, I'm leaving.
So...
Perfect temperature.
Charge!
All right, I'm going to have a strong will in my heart as well!
That seems like it could get interpreted incorrectly...
I didn't say no...
Well in reality, it's actually a trip to see how we can change this world.
So, will you come with me?
This is all because you apologized properly.
We're all waiting for you to come back!
Everyone...
Bro, could she be the black-haired bandit hunter?
There are many who have been stripped of their belongings and killed.
These flowers are the least we could do for them.
After that, her grandfather, who lives in a mountain hut nearby, picked her up,
Yeah it was.
But, it feels like heaven compared to sleeping out in the open like usual.
It's war! Our village has been raided!
Don't take them lightly!
But those officers are too afraid to do anything against real bandits...
I'm a traveling martial artist named Kannu.
Maybe her martial arts skills aren't that good either.
I see, a pitfall.
Of course not, I promise.
I guess so.
Rinrin is my true name!
Oh, just some punishment.
Then, I'll let you understand through pain. Come!
What's that got to do with anything?
So, you should stay at my place for the night!
As I thought, mine was too small for you.
Don't be silly! I'm not old enough to have a daughter your age!
At most as an older sister!
Well, that's okay, I guess...
Then from today onwards, you're my older sister!
Hey, I haven't accepted that yet...
We'll make a right turn at the lone cedar tree.
Boss!
Everyone, I'm going!
the world was at the worst of the worst.
This program was brought to you by:
Strange? What is strange, Chouhi?
Please wait here for a while.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
My name is Kousonsan.
My name is Chouun,
Then which one's the seme and which one's the uke?attacker and reciever if you need to TL those... read enough yaoi and you'd understand
What does that mean then?
I have a favor to ask you.
Ask me?
I heard that all who aspire to rule the country are seeking talented people.
With the power of the old Kan Dynasty lost,
What? You're finished already?
Rinrin, that's enough!
Ch-Chouun-dono,
Yes.
Here?
It probably was a mine here.
And our mission was to report the place of this hide-
Y-yes...
W-What? Does she have company?
Umm,
I don't know what they would do to them if they find out I escaped.
She said it'll work out when she gets there and asked me where Shakudouzan was.
This is worrying.
This way!
It's a blunt sword but it should be better than nothing.
Sei. call me Sei
Then call me Aisha.
Unfortunately...
But... was it all right?
and her presence is small.
the following sponsors you see on screen.
why won't you call me with my true name, Rinrin?
Close people normally call each other with their true names, that's why it's strange!
I want you to call me by my true name.
aren't you the rumored Black-haired bandit hunter?
After hearing that the Black-haired bandit hunter appeared in a village nearby, I have been looking for martial artists who resembled her description.
My name is Kousonsan.
and this is...
Oh, a vow of sisterhood?
I am worried about how our times have become, more than any other person.
That's why she would never lose to someone like you.
Then why don't we test that confidence of yours?
Why do you stop me?
Kousonsan-dono, I've certainly witnessed Kannu-dono's ability.
You won't get a tiger cub without going into a tiger's den.norhing ventured, nothing gained
In giving a just punishment to the sneaky bandits, I consider a bit of danger as inevitable.
Kousonsan-dono, call a doctor, a doctor now!
Ch-Chouun-dono,
Stop it...
There were no injuries upon those who were acting as merchants,
Here?
But if we are attacked and the only weapon I have is this, it's a bit worrying.
It can't be helped. Since your breasts were too large, we couldn't carry any larger weapon.
I will give them justice!
That's enough, you scum!
Y-yes...
My name is Kannu, known as Unchou.
I will literally give you back those words.
Since I only did what was right.
Actually, the village children are caught in the underground gaol here.
An exit!
Sei. call me Sei
Kousonsan-sama.
My white horse is a really good horse.
Lack of sleep is your skin's worst enemy, you know.
WHAT?
It's fine. Let that brat do the dirty work like bandit hunting.
Umm, it's nothing about how or what the inside of your head is...
Keep quiet.
Oh, but this isn't something good enough to be praised by others.
H-hey, what are you sayin-
Welcome back my master. with chouhi adding her usual 'nanoda' at the end
Why do I have to do something like this?
So that means if I win this, I'll get lots of money!?
Please enjoy the battles of the strong ones who've gathered from throughout this country to the fullest.
The final match you all look forward to will come right after this. enter CMs
I'm going to beat you and take the prize money!
Same to you!
So,
Then I'll be one!
That's true...
That's it...
Do not recruit Chouhi and Bachou
Though we are also from a family of cavaliers, and aren't much better...
WHAT!?
Compete, you say?
If you lose...
This, this.
Getting that is easy!
do this, and it will be easy, won't it?
Oh, that's possible!
D-Don't look at me so closely. I know frilly things like this doesn't suit me well.
What are you saying at this point? It's either we win or lose.
The scores aren't going high as expected.
By using the En-family traditional,
Of course!
Where have you been all this time!?
You are?
Iishe, Toshi.
Of course I know that!
Enshou, I'm saying that you are a useless landlord who can't even exterminate a single bandit.
Geez.
"You two?" But I didn't...
It's fine. Let that brat do the dirty work like bandit hunting.
As usual. She sits on the laurels of her famed family and does not understand her incompetence.
We can depart as soon as we regroup.
It must be beautiful below as well. below can be interpreted as 'pubic hair' or 'face' or 'body'
That's right. Aisha's lower part is also moist and glowing. - also can be interpreted the way you want
Sorry for the wait.
How cruel. I only messed up a bit.
Prize money for the champion!?
Thank you, thank you.
Wow, Tetsuryuu strikes first!
She stops it!
I'm sorry.
Finally, I get to show myself.
In simple terms, like a guest I guess.
Reiha-sama seems like she's going to take in Bachou and Chouhi.
Yes. We're going to test whether Bachou and Chouhi are fit to become subordinates of Reiha-sama's army.
And you must compete against them.
But...
I'm really bad at things like this...
Where have you been all this time!?
How can you wander away and not even return for the night?
What? It's women's sumo wrestling.
Ah, you changed the topic!
What?
No worries.
Daddy, I will practice a lot so...
I didn't do so because I wanted to.
It's "The times are best if you have sympathy for each other"...
We should have properly taken the prize money for the martial arts competition.
Long ago, Kousen, the king of a country called Etsu, hung bitter intestines from his bedroom ceiling,
You seem to have sweat a lot.
I'll wipe it off immediately.
Yes, like that.
Shunran, don't you have something to report?
What is it, Shunran, are you still sulking?
What? Sousou!?
Hello.
I will ask for an audience as a start.
Rinrin, trust me.
Sousou?
Please wait.
He was already close to death.
My master, umm... has something that makes her tend to be misunderstood.
Can you talk to yourself again in front of Bachou?
That's a lie!
I am a warrior as well. I cannot be called a liar and just leave!
What's with her?
Yes, that is the best.
Please keep it a secret that I cried, okay?
Later!
Kannu, I'm sorry. I caused you so much trouble.
Children don't need to know!
You finally woke up.
Journeys are best with companions, the times are best with...
the times are disappointing they say....
Well, it is disappointing in a way that we are pushing four people to sleep into a two-person room though...
But getting it after all that is...
Long ago, Kousen, the king of a country called Etsu, hung bitter intestines from his bedroom ceiling,
Karin-sama.
Since I will call you, instead of Keifa, to the shed tonight.
It's nice that the goods transporting job made more money then what we expected.
Who are you!
Daughter of the late Batou,
Stop it!
Leave this to Aisha.
I will get Bachou back for sure.
All right?
How could you be so silly when someone's life is at stake?
There's no need to be scared.
I see.
But it doesn't mean I've given up on having you. getting you
from what I've heard, you seem to do well with swords as well.
You shouldn't push it.
Then why doesn't she reveal the truth?
My father was...
Did you get some promise to be taken as a subordinate after things go out well?
Bachou, stand up and take your weapon.
She has no unguarded moment.
Martial arts is something honest.
She must have felt you had no impurity in your heart and spirit and understood that you were not lying.
Oh, not that much.
Especially to Chouhi, okay?
But to save me, you had to offer both your front and back to Sousou.
But Chouun said so...
Children don't need to know!
It's pitiful for the bear...
you lead me to this kind of place...
I will send you to hell with this Green Dragon Crescent Blade!
Where are you?
So it's the usual thing again.
Oh, is it?
I just was observing that clouds came out, even though the moon was beautiful.
Y-Yes...
Though I was walking to go over the mountain before the sun set,
I don't know how long I slept, but I awoke because of a scratching noise.
As I focused my hearing, it seemed to be coming from a new looking coffin...
Hey Aisha,
I found it.
It's going that way.
No need to worry about that.
Surely, what Ryofu-san did was bad.
And she says she will make as much reparation as she can.
If they can be properly trained, they might prevent burglary but...
Hey, Yue, "love me very much?"
That's what we call a broadcasting accident!
Next time on Koihime Musou Episode 6,
Don't have to worry if there is a river.
We'll make you feel good, so good that you'll feel like you're rising to heaven.
I won't let bullies go!
we are,
That's what they deserve!
all of you must be really strong.
It's a good name like mine.
O-Oh is that so...
Wrong!
Yue-has... uh, I mean, Toutaku-sama has disappeared again.
suddenly a huge boulder was placed in front of the gate.
So, landlord, it's true that a monster appeared.
one says it was nine meter tall and had red glowing eyes.
That's great. You're going to accept it!
Could you be scared?
Oh, is it?
Hey Aisha,
Wake up...
Unlike those two fainted over there, I won't be surprised by something like that.
W-What is this heavy strike!
Yes, it's undoubtedly a human.
Damn, how dare it deceive us.
So the reason why you had villagers offer food was to feed your dog.
Umm...
That's absolutely no good.
This is really...
They all were deserted or were injured.
Oh, Yue!
Given name, Bunwa.
And she says she will make as much reparation as she can.
No, that's not good.
Ei-chan, you said back then, the reason why peace and order in the city is broken is because we have insufficient soldiers on guard.
Can't we?
I'm telling you, this is the last time I'll accept absurd requests like this.
Chouhi Competes with Koumei.
I'll go as soon as I've put on my clothes, so ask her to wait a little longer.
Even if it's true, there are things you shouldn't say to someone's face...
What did you say?!
Hmph. An incompetent feudal lord and a stupid vassal make a great combination.
Hmph, made you speechless, eh?
Really?
Geez.
She didn't notice her own incompetence at all.
It disgusts me that a fool of a feudal lord would act so arrogantly.
This way, please.
Here, goshujin-sama.
E-Eh? I ordered a large serving, so isn't this too small?
I'm sorry. I'll be careful next time.
In any case, I'm going to earn a lot of money and surprise Aisha.
Even though I'd like to cheer for competitor Chouhi, who entered the tournament boldly, she's facing a tough opponent.
You brat...
Competitor Chouhi has beaten the favorite, competitor Tetsugyuu!
This is a stunning upset, right in the first match!
It's my turn at last.
Therefore, I'd like to discuss something with both of you.
Isn't that good?
A proposal?
Yes!
However, if you lose...
No, firing. As in, you'll be fired.
Eh, fired?!
Oh!
Next is the test of beauty, which is essential in my followers.
First, we begin with the team of Chouhi and Bachou.
D-Don't stare at me like that.
my new friend!
What are you saying, Ai Sha?
No, as I thought, you are more fun than Gongsun Zan-dono.
It's not like we tricked you.
What are you guys!
all of you must be really strong.
Oh no, nothing like that...
I'm Guan Yu.
So, Tung Tung-dono, if you are heading to the village, why not come with us?
Rather, that doesn't make any sense!
Geez, when it's so busy...
Oh, General Hua Xiong.
But it shouldn't be like this!
General Hua Xiong, since you don't have worries, you shall live long.
Yes. One night, a white-feathered arrow was shot into the landlord's gate.
Yes...
they all ran away for their lives.
Can I ask you?
That's right.
It's not that I won't do it...
No.
Aren't you doing that on purpose?
a considerably lukewarm wind for early spring blew out of nowhere.
I'll beat the crap out of it!
Watch out, it's her!
The two that fainted on their own.
We were caught off guard yesterday but
With spring roll too.
That's absolutely no good.
Oh, really...
I see. It was like that...
Can't we take them in at my place?
You mean all those dogs?
Hey, Yue, don't do such a dangerous parlor trick!
Heaven!?
That's wrong.
Where are you?
These days, manpower is invested in punishing people in the countryside,
In the letter tied onto it:
one says it was nine meter tall and had red glowing eyes.
I beg you.
If it's like that...
Thank you so much!
What? You have something to say about that?
I just was observing that clouds came out, even though the moon was beautiful.
Aren't you doing that on purpose?
Hey Ai Sha,
Wake up...
A monster...
You finally came out.
W-What is this heavy strike!
This guy is strong!
Yes, that is most likely where it resides.
Yes...
Watch out, it's her!
No, no.
Dandan Noodles for me.
Double cooked pork for me, also white rice and egg soup.
Oh, Yong-chan.
if you get into a dangerous situation...
However small it may be, not neglecting the complaints of the people is the basis of politics.
I will strictly instruct the officers so that nothing like that will happen again in the future.
You mean all those dogs?
So we'll have them properly trained and help guard the city.
I beg you...
I mean it!
Zhang Fei Competes with Kong Ming.
I'm sorry. Like this showing an apology gesture
I saved it for last because it's my favorite. - and you can see her eating lots of menma in the ED
What a waste, the menma here is delicious.
Menma...
I said that was...
There's no end to it. "mattaku 'kiri' ga nai na" she says, which is a pun on the word kiri which also can mean an end as well as fog, maybe a TL note at the end?
Sei, Sei are you there?
Where, where are you?
Hey, Sei!
Where are you?
If you hear me, answer!
In any case, there's nothing we can do in this fog.
Oh, there's a house over there!
compared to that, Rinrin only eats.
Oh, could it be the big one?
I leave it to you.
So that people can move even if they injure their legs.
Master Yu says, if a person has personality and piety, they...
Oh, Rinrin isn't at all.
I understand, so calm down.
As you have said, she really is a good child.
Oh sorry, I saw Suikyou-dono doing that so I unconsciously...
I will be going.
When we get to where the herbs grow, I'll pick them as well and bring them back before she does!
Chouhi-san?
Here...
This deep into a mountain?
You did it!
Welcome back... oh you got all dirty.
together with Rinrin-chan.
I want to grant her feelings.
But I won't be able to see her for so long.
Oh Sei, it must have been hard for so long.
I will succeed Chouun-san and do my best.
Next episode on Koihime Musou, Episode 7, Chouhi has a fight with Kannu.
Hey Sei, are you still mad about that?
Whatever we do, the menma from that time will never come back.
In any case, there's nothing we can do in this fog.
It might be better to stay for a while rather than moving around without much clue.
So thankful of you...
Yes, master.
Oh, it's quite well done.
You have to make sure not to move it.
I can cook too!
Oh, this.
Master Yu says, if a person has personality and piety, they...
Oh, Rinrin isn't at all.
It's all right. I went there quite a few times with you so I remember the location.
A friend coming from far away...
What a clumsy girl she is, stumbling upon nothing.
When master was here, she held my hand and we crossed it together.
Why...? I just came here, by chance. By chance it is!
Yes, Rinrin-chan.
You got it all by yourself.
Oh?
But as you can see, it is dangerous these days.
It will become quite lonely here if she leaves.
I apologize for eating the menma while you went to the bathroom.
Right?
I saved it for last because it's my favorite. - and you can see her eating lots of menma in the ED
What happened to Xing?
If you hear me, answer!
There's a cliff.
Hawawawawawa big trouble, master!
I see. That was unfortunate for you.
This should do the job.
I am Zhuge Liang, with given name Kong Ming.
Yes, since I practiced much to become as good as you.
You have to make sure not to move it.
Now let's begin eating.
compared to that, Ling Ling only eats.
I'm sorry I have to trouble you for everything.
I leave it to you.
Honest, intelligent, and loves academics.
I love her so much.
In the first place, I haven't had the chance to do anything that would make me pregnant-
I see.
I see, Kong Ming-dono, you really are a good child.
Oh, that's all right.
I like being petted. - sound wrong XD but maybe true... XD
It would be nice if we had Salonpa-grass at times like this. saronpa-sou probably is a parody on Salonpass, a famous poultice medicine used in Japan
So she must be scared and can't cross the suspension bridge.
If I remember correctly, it should be around here...
Why...? I just came here, by chance. By chance it is!
But Zhang Fei-san, it's your...
You're the one who found it.
Zhang Fei-san...
We'll walk across together, so come now.dammit noone falls XD
The Salonpa-grass seemed to have worked well.
I've caused Shui Jing-dono so much trouble, how may I even thank you...
Is it all right for you?
Master Shui Jing, please take care!
Eh?
Right?
Menma...
I'll give you my menma next time.
Episode 6 Zhang Fei competes with Kong Ming
There's no end to it. "mattaku 'kiri' ga nai na" she says, which is a pun on the word kiri which also can mean an end as well as fog, maybe a TL note at the end?
What happened to Xing?
Let's go look for her!
Xing, where are...
In any case, there's nothing we can do in this fog.
It's become quite clear.
I am Zhuge Liang, with given name Kong Ming.
Oh, it's nothing.
Phew, it's finished.
compared to that, Ling Ling only eats.
T-Things like onigiririce balls and omusubi.also the same
In the first place, I haven't had the chance to do anything that would make me pregnant-
Very reasonable, and has never said anything selfish since coming to my place.
Yes, so we sometimes deliver it to the people in the village below when she is asked.
Oh, that's all right.
intermission
It's a grass with small white flowers, and we grind the leaves to use it.
Oh, but they only grow quite high up in the mountain.
I shall follow her like this,
and steal the herbs she picks! ..... Ling Ling.... burn in hell... XD
Oh, she must be afraid of heights!
When master was here, she held my hand and we crossed it together.
If I remember correctly, it should be around here...
Take it.
You were so hesitant I had no choice!
Um, Zhang Fei-san,
Welcome back... oh you got all dirty.
We all help each other likewise when we are in trouble.
It must be a bother to you but, I want you to take Zhu Li on your journey with you.
Kong Ming-dono on a journey?
Master says...
That way!
Hawawawawawa no idea what to do with this note..pointless to even be there-campa
But that doesn't mean that bad things will always happen if you act as the fortune telling says.
Rinrin, how could you say that!
Eating Competition held today. De Javu
Winner receives a large sum of money with sub-prizes.
I did what I needed to and departed again for training but...
Let's introduce the three warriors who got it up to the final round.
Now that we are ready, battle start! this line could be snaped back to the frame.. qc's call
Even though she should have eaten more than anyone in the previous matches, she still had such power left?
This is bad... I'm starting to reach my limit.
Bachou is knocked out?
No way!
dont know if you want to sub this??
Rinrin is Chouhi with given name Yokutoku.
You really have no limit...
I have given back the amount I was lent ages ago.
Yeah, go away now, you tiny wimps!
They are so sneaky.
They said "There is still interest left. If you can't pay it, then we'll take your sister as mortgage."
Oh, is that so?
Eh, why not?
Oh, what is it, Koumei-dono?
Will this do?
Thanks for your hard work.
Eh, I thought you were with her. look at her empty breasts
What did you come here for!
Yeah. Putting Chouhi aside, I'm not a child!
Even though it's three against one.
She's enjoying the battle!
Just when it's getting interesting, you interrupt us. What's the meaning of that!?
Show your face!
H-Here...
As a vagabond like I've been.
Goodbye.
Aisha! Aisha!
Aisha...fill this in-campa
Let go already!
Hey Rinrin, don't get too far ahead alone.
So then we shall go this way.
Naturally.
But that doesn't mean that bad things will always happen if you act as the fortune telling says.
Do as you wish! same thing here as the last thing.. except i just let it bleed.-campa
Rinrin-chan! nico comment: Koumei: 'All as I planned'
and trail us.
That's right!
I'm thinking of winning that and getting the reward money!
I'm getting the reward money!
First, it's contestant Bachou who came all the way from Seiryou.
As expected of great warriors who made it to the finals, they are eating the so-sonot too good or bad tasting 10man-kin manjyuu without trouble.
Actually...
You really have no limit...
I'm going to treat you out of the reward I got in the Eating Competition.
Well, it's not like that...
Who are you calling tiny?
They are so sneaky.
They said "There is still interest left. If you can't pay it, then we'll take your sister as mortgage."
We can repay part of our debts with that.
Kannu-san, Kannu-san...
It's the basics of Eating Practitioning Training to find food in the mountains.
You were here as expected.
Oops, we're not the ones fighting today.
You have to be like that or else it won't be fun.
Even though it's three against one.
Just when it's getting interesting, you interrupt us. What's the meaning of that!?
So, drop your weapons... this bleeds but if it dosest its quick.. snap it back to the frame if you want.. or make it fade.. id do it but lazy...sorry 3erd thing iv timed to day... and this show sucks..-campa
Is she your acquaintance?
I'm smashing you this time for sure!
Don't come close to those siblings ever again, okay?
YES!
Leaving!
All's well.
She's a fishy one from the beginning to the end.
then Koumei-dono suggested that we might be able to see you if we wait in the streets near the entrances of the city.
I'm not going to let you go!
Ah, you're right.
HEY That was the previous one!
Kong Ming-dono thought of you and...
Ling Ling-chan! nico comment: Kong Ming: 'All as I planned'
But...
Eating Competition held today. De Javu
W-Why are you here?
That's not going to happen!
But I'm not going to lose.
What? You lost Zhao Yun on the way, and had a fight and separated from Guan Yu?
It's also my first time seeing such a monster eater.
You really have no limit...
Stop it right there!
That only goes for you...
Who are you calling tiny?
It'd be meaningless if we charge them.
Guan Yu-san, Guan Yu-san...
Guan Yu-san, let's go back right now.
What foolish talk are you saying?
What?
I'm going against children?
It's not the time to fight against each other...
How nice.
I don't know a weirdo like that.
??? no clue-campa
Though I was hired with money, I am at least their partner.
Wrongdoings by partners shall be punished by partners.
I think it's cool...
Goodbye.
Ai Sha! Ai Sha!
Let go already!
Yes, that Zhao Yun-san. It's worrying that we are still not with her yet.
Why does it end up like that?
And I will!nico comment: Ling Ling DIE!
But...
What does it say?
Winner receives a large sum of money with sub-prizes.
Didn't you go back to your hometown in Xi Liang?
iShe's small, she's small. well is sounds like they just kept repeating it in the backgorund so i just it all in...might want to make it like"shes small, shes small". or something like that-campa
Actually...
I'm Xu Chu, given name Zhong Kang. - someone check
I come from Xi Liang.
Here are the bonds.
Yeah, go away now, you tiny wimps!
What if I said so?
I surely gave back what I borrowed, but they made some strange bond before I knew it.
How inhumane!
Oh, is that so?
Eh, why not?
We are having them stay as appreciation for saving you.
No, it's nothing.
What foolish talk are you saying?
I accepted the position as your bodyguard with cheap pay because you were going to let me fight against really strong people.
Hold this for me.
There's still some left so don't drop it.
this might want to be subed.. or is part of the last line and that needs to be spilt.. dont feel like checking.-campa
Even though it's three against one.
Just when it's getting interesting, you interrupt us. What's the meaning of that!?
What are you!?nico: Menma kitaaaaaaaaa!
but it's troubling for me that some weirdo like you is acting like my acquaintance.
She's clearly mad...
I don't know if you are Kachou or Gacho-n but come down! Gacho-n is a really old gagcannot find a word to replace gacho-n in chinese so I'm keeping Kachou mask
H-Here...
Then I shall disappear as well.
Thank you so much.
Take care!
I see. Then we will be separating here on.
Zhang Fei, what about you?
Zhang Fei, scratch that.
Why, why are you here?
She said you might turn back and return so she's waiting at the exit of the city on the other side.
That's well... umm you know... how should I say...
Zhang Fei's acquaintance?
I see.
Geez, do something...nico: so what happend to koumei?
If you have a sense of guilt in your heart, your aura will be cloudy.
Yeah. I felt the cloudiness from your posture.
Nah, no need to apologize.
There was no need for me to be there.
Okay, but not with a hand towel, Keifa.
Use your tongue.
It seems you've improved again.
I'm not sulking or anything.
She's mean.
I understand the situation.
I blew my top and made a mistake.
On top of that, she did it in an extremely underhanded way.
Karin-sama, Kan'u-dono is here.
She tried to take the life of an Imperial general.
would you make a deal with me?
Ever since I first saw you, I've always wanted to stroke your glossy hair.
And I'll get what I want in any way possible.
You can save someone's life with just a nod.
I'm fine. More importantly, go after the assassin.
However, this doesn't mean I've given up on you.
In order to divert his humiliation in front of the whole company, Batou-dono drank like a fish after that.
He'd hit his head hard when he fell. When we got to him, his breath was already faint.
Ah, well, that's just my assumption.
Oh? Do you mean to say I made it up?
Don't touch me!
Both of you, stop it.
Well then, we'll say good-bye here.
Ouch, ouch, ouch...
Evil thugs who treat the weak with cruelty,
Evil thug? I was just-
Oh I see...
...wait, why me?
I didn't call you that!
Isn't it pretty, glittering like that?
Wait!
But is that possible?
It was great. oh no Maid Cafe?
is it true that you are the youngest princess of the Son family?
Of course.
Says her, but what do you think?
But why are you traveling here without followers?
Just to be sure, I didn't escape like a runaway because I hated the way too formal way of living!
Oh my, you cleared the plates clean.
Actually, the third son of the landlord of the adjacent land will come to be son-in-law to marry the daughter of the landlord here.Men in Koihime who aren't bandits!?
I see...
That is quite disturbing.
But now we know the reason.
Hey, stop messing around and follow me.
Hey, where are you going?
I'm called Kannu.
What a fine weather.
Even if the security did not consider this possibility, they won't be blamed for it.
I see, so that's why you had no choice but to accept the assassination.
No, I don't think so.
I think this drawing is something your daughter saw from where she was held captive.
I'm coming in.
Don't be so cold,
I was told to see the result by the boss.
Hey, stop making weird accusations!
What the hell are you!
Aisha, I've finished off all those people at the bottom!
You must be Riri-dono.
Mo-th-er...
Kannu-san, how may I thank you...
the Blond-Drill will be the Seme and the Side Ponytail the Uke.
Let go of me!
No use arguing!
Prepare to die!
Since that girl escaped because of you.
Hey, dinner.
Of course.
How about another serving of tea?
Hey, don't say things out of your imagination!
Hey, stop messing around and follow me.
There is nothing to be thanked for.
That won't be necessary.
But... but...
I wonder why she drew a picture like this?
Koumei-dono, does this picture mean anything?
That means the tea shop's master was...
I think this drawing is something your daughter saw from where she was held captive.
Do you have some idea of where my daughter is? - her voice is annoying
Please tell me where.
Please wait.
I will tell you where but,
Kouchuu-dono, I, Kannu, vow to save your daughter even at the price of my life!
I'm coming in.
Don't be so cold,
Then I'll strip down so you can check if I have the things that were stolen.
No, not enough!
All right!
Hey... still not yet?
Diversionary tactic working...
Yes!
Though it's difficult to part with you,
W-what are you saying!?
The vow meaning a vow of sisterhood,
Repeat After Me.
On such a sunny day, something good migh-
I shall lay justice upon you!
Oh I see...
You guys seem to be quite talented.
Though you called yourself Xiao...Ugh her face is screwed
Shut up, tiny girl No. 2.
Ah, true.
You thief!
Isn't it just a coincidence?
By the way Shang Xiang-dono,
Not that I'm doubting it or anything but is there anything to prove that?
Don't whisper so that I can hear you!
What is that look for?
Which is...?
Yes, how disappointing when it's supposed to be such a cheerful day.
See, we were investigated heavily when we entered this town.
Special ramen without garlic and pork, but with extra menma! why more suspicious people in?
A guest for me?
I'm called Guan Yu.
Ling Ling, you can come in now.
One day, after returning from business in a nearby town,
otherwise we can not guarantee her life."
What are you asking me to do?
I wonder.
Don't you think this person reminds you of someone?
Do you have some idea of where my daughter is? - her voice is annoying
I will go immediately.
If you are to consider the life of your daughter first,
you should stay here, as if you know nothing.
Huang Zhong-dono, I, Guan Yu, vow to save your daughter even at the price of my life!
Hey, stop making weird accusations!
What?
All right!
What the hell are you!
I have no name for you filthy creatures to hear!
Ai Sha, I've finished off all those people at the bottom!
Yes...
No horses. Get off here!
It's not!
Umm, as for Cao Cao-san and Guan Yu-san,
The weather's good. - the faces look kinda squashed...
That's enough!
I shall lay justice upon you!
Since that girl escaped because of you.
What are you saying?
A fearful talent.
It was great. oh no Maid Cafe?
Which is...?
That is quite disturbing.
That was to prevent suspicious people from entering. and you guys were ok?you know, the beautiful black haired bandit hunter thingy
Then they should have enough security tomorrow too.
I hope things get really peaceful.
Geez, why did four people have to get crammed into a twin room?
I see, you were from yesterday...
Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Huang Zhong, given name Han Sheng.
Well, if there was some genius as good as the God of Archery, Qu Zhangname not 100 correct methinks, the impossible can become possible.
Don't move!
It all depends on your answer.
What are you asking me to do?
Those are pictures my daughter drew from where she is being held.
Huang Zhong-dono,
I understand it must be hard for you,
What do you want?
So it's got to be you this time too!
No, not enough!
Now!
Your mother is waiting.
This way!
With a mask?
I understand.
We made a vow sharing a bed.
Repeat After Me.
Next time on Koihime Musou, Episode 8.
Repeat After Me.
Reiha-sama!
Yes, when we were bug-repel-drying the things in the storage, we found this.
Well, well...
But was it okay?
And the water is known to have skin beautifying effects.
Oh, right.
Keifa, what's your opinion?
Wait a second!
Yes, that sounds fun.
Karin-sama, was it okay to make such a promise?
But to become followers of someone unknown if we lose...
That's true but...
Of what?
So I don't know for sure how we can reach that marked place.
I think....
Why is that annoying little brat here?
What?
I'm feeling thirsty. Let do it after we drink from the river that we passed just now.
The treasure is here. If we move the rock...
What's that?
Oh, so we're at one of those places.
I said wait!
Hey, Rinrin.
But we ran away without thinking, so we've lost our way.
I'll check the map then.
It's 34!
We don't really care what happens to her.
That's right. No matter what, I think it's not good to tell the truth.
My grandma is calling for me.
The real treasure was right beside me to begin with.
So what if you found it? You found it by chance anyway.
Quantity over quality? That certainly sounds like what the Enshou army strives for.
making you so dumb that you can't understand what I said?tlc
Oh? For sensitivity I take the lead!
Honestly, I look really good with my clothes off.
intermission.
preview
Just please come with me.
That's right.
We work hard and play hard.
It's a relatively unknown and great place where only the experienced know.
Shunran, don't make such an evil face.
Yes, I'm feeling relaxed.
Yes, immediately.
sniff sniff.
So that means?
Hey, it's sneaky trying to have a head start.
Umm everyone,
Keifa, what's your opinion?
Understood.
Yes...
Or are you feeling jealous?
It's 34! - this is what herhis point was in kouei's game I think... someone check lol
Then let's move the rock quickly.
I'm going too.
Hey!
Tiger! Tiger!
I never thought we'd meet again!
Not here...
If we have it, we should be able know the exact location of the treasure.
Oh, you are that one with an intelligence of 24!
Who cares about those things?
She's right, Rinrin.
I understand how you feel, but she has her position to uphold.
Reiha-sama!
These two were so worried for me.
They can see everything!
If that's the case then me too!
Shall I go and have a drink together with Kousonsan-dono after work today?pls check name
Hey, I'm naked...
It's all right.
That's true, but please look at this part.
Let me see...
Whose erratic spending did you say?
Yes...
I won't leave you out or anything.
Yes, I'm feeling relaxed.
What's the matter, Ling Ling-chan?
It isn't me either.
Yeswtf.
All right, we shall now go on a journey to find hot springs!
Compete?
I will still take care of you like we have been doing.
Trying to get in my way again.
Success or failure, why don't we jump in and beat the hell out of them?
That's why I asked the village folks for such legends and personal experiences, and I marked those places.
Hey, wait!
I said wait!
It must be a trap, a trap from Xun Yu.
What are you doing to me?
Do you really think we'll fall for that?
We thought you were really done for!
It's all right.
In any case, it's strange to judge the quality of the breasts by their size.
You have a point.
Oops, let's cut the small talk.
Shall I go and have a drink together with Gongsun Zan-dono after work today?pls check name
It's all right.
They have the saying "you can't ever have enough money or babies diapers".
There surely isn't any problem in having too much money.
Making her stay home alone.
Hawawawa...
By the way, Guan Yu.
why don't we and you compete to see who finds the hot spring first?
Yes, that sounds fun.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
I will still take care of you like we have been doing.
this map has many lost parts from bug erosion.
Li Yu-sama, we can see that out of them, the one who looks powerful is Xiahou Dun.
We have Li Yu-sama here.
It's here!
So the hot spring is under this rock, right?
Then let's move the rock quickly.
I'm going too.
Then me too.
Looks like they found it.
Good.
Hey, it's dangerous to go off by yourself!
It really is Ran Ran!
Who's Ran Ran?
I'll check the map then.
You sure are insistent.
Oh? What's wrong?
Grandma!
So what if you found it? You found it by chance anyway.
Oh my! I think the flat-chested girl just said something.
Fine with me!
Look! Look!
I'm no longer in the mood for fights.
Shall I go and have a drink together with Gongsun Zan-dono after work today?pls check name
Sister!
Renfa, no need to be so formal.
Surely through repeated wars our land has increased and our family's name is made known to the nearby lands,
Shoukyou
About Renfa?
she will protect and nurture.
It's okay that you got tired of journeying and felt like going home but,
There is none!
if you scold her any further, she will most likely run away again.
You still seem sleepy.
As you wish!
We sucked out the poison from the wound and kept her alive but,
No... Sister...
Proof, do you have any proof?
That time I was with Chouhi and not by Kannu.
But it's wrong to treat Aisha with suspicion!
Don't screw around!
There should be much more possibility in wanting to kill someone than in some traveling martial artist who has nothing to do with the Son family.
So is Kannu-san.
I am sorry, Kannu-dono.
Hawawa.
How fortunate, sister.
I leave it to your imagination.
This is the joint covenant we made for this plan.
I wanted to talk much more about books.
next time we meet, it's seven matches on size, shape, color, luster, sensitivity, elasticity and taste!
It would be easy if we could go on the ground in this too.
Seasick?
Oh no, I just was concerned about something.
About the incident...
Yes, in the shadow of this incident, there is someone who wrote the plot.
I feel that way.
That's enough!
I apologize. I heard you were injured in battle so I was worried.
Sonsaku has done this time and time again to raise the name of our family.
Daikyou and
Don't say such things of bad omen.
Yeah, our people don't even have the time to plow the rice field.
What are you saying?
I have my opinion on that...
I empathize with you.
Sheren-oneesama, that's cruel.
And my chest still feels heavy...
You still seem sleepy.
If she isn't going to get any bigger,
I shall pick up the game.
Now you've said it!
As you wish!
Yes! Keep silent, you winner in the oppai field.
Umm, winner...?
Kannu-san tried to assassinate Sonsaku-san?
The time when she was hit, I was away from Kannu-dono to pick up the game that Shoukou-sama hit.
What are you trying to say!?
Am I wrong?
If you didn't say anything...
Don't think you can stay without compensation after insulting a martial artist that much.
I understand you are at unrest from Sonsaku-sama collapsing but,
Is it not?
Sonsaku-sama's condition has turned for the better.
Though she must stay absolutely calm for a while,
I knew you didn't like the methods I used,
Yes!
next time we meet, it's seven matches on size, shape, color, luster, sensitivity, elasticity and taste!
Really, that's not how someone who would reign upon others should be.
It would be easy if we could go on the ground in this too.
Was it really just an assassination plot?
Rikuson, what do you think of Koumei?
Giving shame upon a martial artist without proper evidence.
the main episode has already finished.
Next time on Koihime Musou Episode 11.
Yeah. It'd be a pity for the bear to come across me here...
Ah, what? Is there something on my face?
But she's the black-haired bandit hunter!
...3rdhell!
R-Really?
Your name is?
Can I?
Oh, Kaku, eh?
Traveling incognito to see the lives of the common people...
Well, that's because I've been training my body!
Tied to the arrow was a letter that said,
After that, an arrow with a demanding letter arrived roughly every seven days.
Eh, that's because... u-um...
This is definitely the rock that the monster left.
W-Was the monster that scary?
Can we ask this favor of you?
You can't?
Ah, no, that...
Both of you seem to be trembling a bit. Are you scared?
but perhaps I took a wrong turn, because I couldn't find any houses, anywhere.
A-Anyway, since it's not a monster, I will definitely punish her next time I see her.
If that's the case, I want to hear her out
Found it.
Yeah. That place is probably her home.
Step back!
You're not one to judge.
I felt sorry for them and couldn't just leave them alone.
I serve under Toutaku-sama, the governor-general here. "here" as in where she's pointing at -guu
Everyone, sorry to have kept you waiting.
I see. So that's what this was about.
Um, that...
So let's train these dogs to help guard the city.
She must be trying to show her appreciation.
Wait, Yue, you can't perform such a dangerous parlor trick!
Xiao Qiao
Oh, you were here.
Surely our people have been tired from the continuous wars,
she will protect and nurture.
Yes, that is like saying you are going to die midway in the pursuit.
After that, I can give it to Lian Hua.
The "back at home" part is okay but,
Aren't you a runaway?
There is none!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Have a good rest.
Hide under the bed! hurry!ep1
Close your eyes and keep still.
So you were the cause.
Yes, they already finished breakfast.
I've never seen so many books.
Yes. Since I love books.
So do I.
Zhang Fei, we show each other's busts over there.
Is it true sister was attacked?
The wound isn't too deep but,
No... Sister...
I have no proof.
But it's wrong to treat Ai Sha with suspicion!
Couldn't it be because you work for the Sun family?
Suspecting her like that without proof
B-but...!
especially in hard times like this, it is the duty of someone reigning upon others to calmly judge things.
Hawawa.
Though her consciousness level isn't too high,
How fortunate, sister.
you want to say?
I knew you didn't like the methods I used,
Sun Jing-sama, I shall take you under arrest for treason.
Sun Ce, your methods are wrong!
From the day that I chose to follow my mother's path and pursue dominance,
Yes, all like planned.
After making the mistakes, noticing, apologizing and reflecting upon it to not make the same mistake again.
I feel that way.
Let me see...
Amusing you say.
After time goes by and she gains the position suiting her talent...
episode 11 kannu meets ryuubi
Then let me sing one song!
What is it, Lian Hua?
but for that, the building blocks of the country, our people's lives, are battered.
That's right, Xue Lian-sama.
No matter how hard it may be, we must fight for tomorrow.
Our mother who was called the Tiger of Jiang Dong, the late Sun Jian.
But Xue Lian-sama...
Geez! War, war, war!
Can't you remonstrate them?
but nowadays she takes importance in Zhou Yu.
When I see this scenery, I sure feel back at home.
They will cry from happiness at my return and there's no way I will be scolded.
She was really troubling!
I empathize with you.
A dream...?
Zhang Fei written backwards for some reason
Yes, they already finished breakfast.
Did you send someone as a companion?
Not only books about politics and war strategies,
By reading them, an ecstasy called knowledge comes like a wave.
Though not as good as that Huang Zhong,
You are even more flat-chestedtsurupettan and baby-bodied.
It isn't stupid at all!
Why don't I look for some mountain birds.
Is it true sister was attacked?
Unfortunately, yes.
We sucked out the poison from the wound and kept her alive but,
Wha-?
That time I was with Zhang Fei and not by Guan Yu.
That means when Sun Ce-san was hit, you too, were alone at the hunting grounds in the mountain.
and giving her such shame, is nothing you can say without compensation either.
I understand you are at unrest from Sun Ce-sama collapsing but,
Oh, Sun Jing-sama...
Sun Ce, your methods are wrong!
Ahh, a journey aboard a ship is nice.
It would be easy if we could go on the ground in this too.
I feel that way.
Oh, Lu Xun?
Courage of not budging even a bit being put at sword point...
That's enough!
Giving shame upon a martial artist without proper evidence.
Oh no, I was too late.
Guan Yu meets Liu Bei.wtf??? ryuubi exists now??? orz ps2 edition
You must be one of the volunteer army or whatever.
Prepare to die!
It's quite noisy.
Wake up Rinrin.
Understood!super action scenes coming
I am Kannu.
The landlord here is righteous and honorable, I've heard.
We thought of having him leave the village if he lost this time but...
To beat the violent ruthless bandits and let peace reign upon this land,
and let the bait units retreat.
Bandits who take advantage of the chaotic era to harm good people.
Since the moon was too beautiful.
It sure is beautiful.
Huh?
Oh, you were here!
It's very effective in bringing down fevers.
Pee.
I was so surprised some leaked out.
No, that's not enough.
We should also make a moat and make the walls high so that if the time comes, we can shut ourselves into this castlemansion to fight.
It's not that I don't understand your ideas but...
Ryuubi-san, we must be prepared for the worst.preparation prevents grief
Hey, Chouhi...
It isn't.
Well, don't be like that.
Incoming!
It is.
Then you will become big soon.
Rinrin, I saw another weird dream because of you.
You must be one of the volunteer army or whatever.
It's quite noisy.
Y-yes!
Damn.
Damn you.
Kannu-dono, Chouhi-dono, and Koumei-dono I see.
Oh, thank you.
Since he looked really strange, at first I thought he was some bandit gone homeless.
Oh, a volunteer army?
will you not help me?
Hawawawa calling me a great strategist.
Wiping out bandits is so easy.
Anything wrong with the feast?
will you not stay with me forever?
Since we've been having many battles and the number of injured troops is increasing,
It lives off dead bodies of animals.
Well as I said, while in the process of training I used up all my money.
That huge eating midget Kyocho, I recalled, was picking lots of edible plants in the mountain.
and fell over there.
I have to hurry or it's going to come out.
Enemy attack!
Enemy attack, enemy attack!- lol ry
You don't have to laugh that much.
we don't have to do that much.
You don't like... Koumei-dono?
That's to be used as funding for battle and not money for himself.
Have flower viewing. Make a decision on what you wanna call it lol
Does this village have somewhere you can see flowers?
Toukason...
Could you possibly be planning on joining that army?
Kong Ming-dono, get back!
Press on!
Yes!
I'm called Kong Ming.
Guan Yu-dono, Zhang Fei-dono, and Kong Ming-dono I see.
I said that you are beautiful like you are rumored to be.
Tao Hua Cun
It's as if you've won and come back.
But...
He went out to battle seven times and lost seven times.
Dammit, it's a trap.
Hey, open the gates.
Such great strategist like the historical Zhang Liang, who helped Liu Bang, the founder of Han Dynastyhan dynasty, rule the country.
With me and Ai Sha here, there's no need for complicated plans.
It's no match for your beauty.
take more troops under command,
Look at this.
When I realized it, I was running around the mountain with them throughout the night.
The mushroom Ma Chao-san had was probably Sai Qi Rong.pun on psyche-dake
Everyone wake up!
But to mistake troops on guard as an enemy attack,
we should think about what to do when enemies actually strike.
We should build some guard towers in the village for lookout.
Liu Bei-san, we must be prepared for the worst.preparation prevents grief
that's one way of fighting a war.
Grrrr!
The volunteer army isn't so great after all.
I'm never going to make friends with some kids like them!
Out of our way!
Yes, I heard from a rumor that Guan Yu-san, who had helped me earlier, is a commander in the army.
Yes, what is it?
And also...
episode 12 Guan Yu carries out her will
Huh?
Uh, no...
Press on!
Given name Xuan De.
I am Guan Yu.
A beauty as the rumors say.
What did you say?
It sure is great to live long.to experience many things
Umm, was his volunteer army having so many repeated losses?
Well surely.
It was around three months ago that Liu Bei-dono came to this village, Tao Hua Cun, with a few henchmen.
Around here we have fierce bandits running rampant.
We thought of having him leave the village if he lost this time but...
I will smash you to nothingness!
Kong Ming-dono's intelligence surprises me.
Guan Yu-dono.
Liu Bei-dono.
It sure is beautiful.
Huh?
take more troops under command,
So how is it Guan Yu-dono, would you not work under me?
But the sun is setting. I leave it to you Gains
But anyway Ma Chao, being dead on the roadside there,
So I picked some mushrooms growing somewhere, fried it and ate it and so.
The mushroom Ma Chao-san had was probably Sai Qi Rong.pun on psyche-dake
You don't have to laugh that much.
We have troops on guard for that, though.
We should also make a moat and make the walls high so that if the time comes, we can shut ourselves into this castlemansion to fight.
It looks like it's mostly complete.
You don't like... Kong Ming-dono?
It isn't.
Well, don't be like that.
I'm never going to make friends with some kids like them!
Ling Ling volunteer army incoming!
Hmm.
All right! When the peach flowers bloom here, we shall watch flowers.
Oh, that place where a volunteer army took arms and are wiping out nearby bandits.
Hey Bro,
Let me see...
If we show great achievement here, our name shall be known even more.
Oh geez.
You have a fever, you cough, and your nose is runny so you've got to have the cold!
Chou Yokutoku,
I'm giving you a mission.
I'll stay behind as well.
Most of them shall come out of the mountain.
When you admirably get his headneck,
Yes ma'am.
You will always be beside me.
A proof of the vow...
R-Ryuubi-dono...
Nothing.
According to messengers who arrived just now from the village,
What are you doing, hurry to the village!
No, we are not returning to the village.
What are you saying!?
Hey someone, help me carry him!
It sure is hard to lose a base.
But to fix this chaotic world and save many people, we need to gain a far greater power.
Think only about me.
W-Wait, even if you do have great strength, going alone is suicide!
Rather, for justice...
I don't know what your justice is but,
I have my own will.
What business do you have this late at night!
I beg you!
Karin-sama!
Go, go! Press on!
Get them from afar with archers.
I, Kouchuu, will be your opponent in archery.
Talk later. Protect the mansion now!
Enemy attack!
Bandits!
Sei, you came!
Chou Shiryuu of Jouzan is here!
recieve my arrow from hands that have others to protect!
All right!
Then I can't be losing here.
They're too strong!
And Rinrin, is your cold okay?
Right!
You never change, Sei.
I'm happy to see you all safe and sound.
That man I was... before...
Then...
Good thing someone like him didn't take your first kiss.
Though I don't really like working under upstarts but...
I'm not sick!
Koumei...
Rinrin!
So, is there anyone who will volunteer to lead tomorrow's battle and bring back the enemy leader's head? chopping heads off shows victory
However large the number of enemies trying to shoot arrows at the imperial court,
I expect good news.
Yes ma'am.
Kannu-dono.
Y-Yes.
R-Ryuubi-dono...
Since it's an herb that grew by sucking what little life Bachou-san had left so,
their numbers are quite large.
Damn!
Ryuubi-dono, please send reinforcements now to the village!
But we accepted the task of leading tomorrow's battle.
Please think of what would happen to the villagers if we abandon the village.
Kannu-dono, I understand your feelings well.
W-Wait, even if you do have great strength, going alone is suicide!
Rather, for justice...
What business do you have this late at night!
That's what she gets for choosing a stupid master.
So... please!
Shunran, take your men and go on a reconnaissance mission.
But...
Understood.
My promise with Aisha...
Won't the mansion fall yet?
Everyone, show them what you've got!
How could she run through this huge army all alone!?
Mommy, keep it up.
Well, after I was separated from you...
As an apology, I shall give you my power.
was strongly reprimanded by Kashin, for staining the dignity of the imperial court.
Kannu-san, he's the culprit who kidnapped my daughter, Riri, and tried to make me perform an assassination.
You knocked him away at the final moment.
Though they sent punitive forces a few times, they failed to subdue the uprising.
I'm not sick!
Ling Ling, I know how you feel, but you can't go to war in such a condition.
Kong Ming...
If you say so, I will stay behind and protect the village.
It can't be helped. Let's fight without Zhang Fei-dono and Kong Ming-dono. hmm when I played the game, I almost always lost wars without Kong Ming participating XD
Cao Cao.
we can admit mistakes of our previous practices and tell them that all who give up arms will have their punishment reduced.
And if we take more time, it will be a matter of dignity for the imperial court.
will you allow me, Liu Bei, to undertake that task?
I fear nothing.
Yes. I will meet your expectations and surely get the rebel army leader's head.
All right.
Yes ma'am.
I've begin to see a way to change the world.
Wow.
A proof of the vow...
Now...
It smells weird.
Ma Chao's unit will be mounted attackers,
Nothing.
Liu Bei-dono!
What!?
According to messengers who arrived just now from the village,
And?
Wha-?
Get me through!
Bear up!
I don't know what your justice is but,
Let me meet Cao Cao.
Ling Ling-chan...
From here on I, Zhang Yi De, will not let you through!
What are you waiting for? She's alone. Get her!
Even the Black Haired Bandit Hunter is here...
Damn, use archers.
Get them from afar with archers.
why are you here?
Won't the mansion fall yet?
Enemy attack!
How could she run through this huge army all alone!?
Coming one after the other to get in the way!
Mommy, keep it up.
They're too strong!
It seems to have gone away after a bit of workout.
Xiahou Dun-dono, thank you.
You never change, Xing.
I'm happy to see you all safe and sound.
That sword, I saw it somewhere...
Good thing someone like him didn't take your first kiss.
In the fully bloomed Peach Garden,
Guan Yu and Zhang Fei renew their sisterhood vow,
Yeah.
From what I've heard, uprisings are happening everywhere,
Though they say it's the General's army that's going to battle,
Kong Ming-dono, what you're saying isn't wrong, but please be more gentle with the wording...
I leave the village to you.
No, it's nothing.
We shall surround the mountain and stop incoming traffic to deprive them from supplies.
After lowering their morale by depriving them of supplies,
I, Liu Xuan De, shall devote my body and soul to the imperial court.
Well done for saying so.
I will have you work as my aide.
Wow.
You are my only hope.
It's brewed Three-Day Grassrefer to previous ep, very effective in lowering fevers.
The village, Tao Hua Cun, has been attacked by a pack of bandits!
their numbers are quite large.
And?
It sure is hard to lose a base.
We leave the village to Kong Ming-dono, and for our shining justice...
I have my own will.
For a friend!
That's Zhang Fei of Yan.
Enemy attack!
Ma Teng of Xi Liang's child, Ma Chao is here!
And at another time, the ambassador of beauty and justice, Kachou Mask.
Those who can fight, make pairs and fight a single enemy.
All right!
Our boss is beaten!
Xiahou Dun-dono, thank you.
It was great help.
and with absolutely no winning chance with the great warriors Guan Yu and Ma Chao out,
I'm happy to see you all safe and sound.
What!? Huang Zhong, why are you here?
Why do you know my name?
That sword, I saw it somewhere...
He probably couldn't sustain himself with dull crimes,
So you're mad after all.
Both people and bamboo shoots are a once-in-a-lifetime encounter.
It's getting thicker.
This is bad. We won't even know if we stray off the path.
Where? Where are you?
I'll carry you there on my back.
I'm glad to hear that.
Oh? What kind of food can you make?
Lin Lin.
The Master said, "Is it not pleasant to learn with a constant perseverance and application?"
She's energetic and cheerful. I love her.
That child lost her parents when she was small.
She and her sisters were sent from one relative to another.
economy in expenditure, and love for men; and the employment of the people at the proper seasons."
Oh, Suikyou-dono's medicine is that effective, eh?
Can I ask you to do this, then?
Upsy-daisy.
Okay!
I'll follow her like this, and after she picks the medicinal herb...
"Ta-da! Here's the Saronpa herb!"
Falling over in an empty place, what a klutz.
I have to try harder...
It's not scary. It's not scary.
I'm sure she'll be scared and give up halfway.
No, I didn't get it by myself.
I feel bad this way.
If there's something I can do, would you please tell me?
Chouhi Falls Out With Kan'u.
Um, i-is this really my final task?
This looks good.
Oh, sorry.
Give it back to me !
What if someday, I wont eat any sandwich from Kan'u, what would happen to me ...
Stop it Rinrin ! This is the last one, which Koumei bought.
Then ...
From our 4 squad team, Kan'u is planned to be the president and attend the war.
Think of some way out, or we won't able to eat lunch.
They are 1800 years too young to fight me ...
So, welcome the new era.
You already have us.
Come on, please stop it sis.
Their strength and power of war, coupled with the loyalty of a hard heart.
Although their temporary troop was gathered from independent members ...
Turns into a four by these three stupid fools ...
As a result of the addition of a new member, Chouhi, here is the emotional team, Enshou.
Looks like, the victory would be theirs.
It's a bad situation. Well ...
One - two, one - two, one - two ...
Goal in !
So, here's the result.
Now, let's start it !
Forgive me.
On the other side, Kousonsan approves the task ...
That ...
But, to borrow the enemy's military strategist is a great idea.
The zebra military strategist's true colour is me.
Now, the jury would check the "thing" to borrow ...
The Sou Sou team, who is stranded because of shame, will breaks down.
Well, if it turns like this ...
Sou Sou, who has pasted a tape to cover her B area, is going to enter the stage.
B area means her nipple.
It has nothing to do with that.
Now, the copper gong resounds to start it.
Are you afraid ?
The enemy's horse kept rotating around the center ...
Wait, what is the meaning of that ...
Bamboo shoots is her favourite foods, here is contestant Chouun.
You deserve it.
With the loss of air, I lost the strength.
Rinrin, get your consciousness back !
But why ...
But why ...
Really ?
Kan'u has been disqualified.
By the way Kan'u, do you want to eat the whole bread ?
Even if it's rice, it doesn't matter.
Give it back to me !
That's not good at all.
What if someday, I wont eat any sandwich from Kan'u, what would happen to me ...
Then ...
Don't worry. In any case, she'll come back and say "So Rinrin was wrong", let's wait.
For soldiers, food is the basic of war.
If we're going to compete for the student council president election, we'll lose.
Even if you say that to me ...
Sorry for waiting.
Although she want to become student council president, but without mastering the basic ...
The dried bamboo shoots must also taste.
Your intellectual values, such as the use of force, doesn't really matter.
Oh, welcome.
Although I heard that you are world rare talented.
The tyrannical variable evil, the death angel, Toutaku.
As a result of the addition of a new member, Chouhi, here is the emotional team, Enshou.
They changed unexpectedly their military strategist with the highest IQ of 34, Ganryou.
Thank you to principal for his attendance and speech. Now, let's start the competition !
Listen, Ryofu ! One means the foot outside and two inside.
This time, don't make mistake, right ?
It's a bad situation. Well ...
Although the strict regulation, now we have the result ...
I'm doomed.
Huh ! The principals armpit hair ...
On the other side, Kousonsan approves the task ...
That ...
The zebra military strategist's true colour is me.
Sheren can you see it ?
But, since Koumei asked me, so there's still some bread remains.
No one can beat me.
We'll wait for the team General Sou Sou.
It's still looks erotic.
Look at that, look what's that ...
Don't let them attack !
While the bra was loosed unexpectedly, they attacked and made Sonkens team fell down.
No, that loosed bra wasn't an accident.
Either with a cry or smile, we reach the final.
She like to say things without thinking.
With her small body, she take less water resistance and has more advantage than Kan'u, right ?
I'm glad, you're awake.
So, why ?
Rinrin, you're really stupid, don't you ?
I'm fine, I'm just a little hungry.
Therefore, it's Enshou's team victory.
Then, as additional prize.
Dareka ni sasagu inochi nara jibun no kyoukai mo koete
East, south, west, north, anytime and anywhere,
It will be a grand adventure both today and tomorrow.
gaman shite koi mo nakucha
There are countless things that i want.
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
Leave your valuables behind if you want to pass through here.
If you want to repent in hell for the evil deeds you've done till now...
A few people have already been robbed of all they had and then killed.
That sounded like a disaster.
Hm, a favor?
Today was a big success too!was: It's a big success today as well.
When tomorrow comes, I'll be able to see everyone again.
Please clean up the barn as well while you're at it.
But the officials are afraid of real bandits and always act like cowards.
I doubt they'll kill her, but they might whip her.
This is annoying.
Wh-Wh-Who's an old woman, who's...
I wouldn't be Kan Unchou if I fell for such a trick!
Hey!
Of course not. I promise you.
You don't have the right to call me that!
My name is Chouhi. My courtesy name is Yokutoku.
Not much, just a little punishment.
Chouhi, I heard that your parents were killed when you were a child.
I made a vow.
This has turned into something strange.
I just want you to apologize to the village chief and the villagers, and to change your behavior.
I'm going back, then.
I have been traveling for a long time, so I'm used to this.
How is the water temperature?
It's not a bad thing to have ambition.
Sorry that I'm borrowing your bed as well.
Besides, it's been a really long time since I slept with someone like this.
It's not like you can't...
In that case, will you come together with me on a journey to change this world?
I'll walk slowly.
Kan'u, Chouun Head To Their Deaths.
Kan'u-san's going to die.
My pride falters because I cannot stop the swirl of my hesitation.
the fate that has befallen me fills my hand with miracles.
I was only pursuing the truth, but when I realized it, you were there.
Your special existence will one day grow into a spiritual bond.
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow.
The reason is because Im the only one.
Run away quickly if you dont like it.
iya na toki pyuutte nigetoite
Raise your hand when youre comfortable.
raku na toki haitto te wo agete
If you wait on it, youre going to lose your love too.
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
Right there!
I don't use those words myself.
Since we know it's you, I have to notify our mistress at once.
Please remain as you were.
During my journey, I've also heard about the black-haired bandit hunter.
Well, that's true.
Hm, I see.
What's wrong? Is that all you've got?
No, that's...
But I can't send out a punitive force until we discover the location of their fortress.
After hearing about it the other day, I've come up with a plan.
In other words, our stratagem is to let the robbers themselves guide us to their hideout.
I'm sure you couldn't stay quiet even for a single moment.
That's not true! I could do it if I wanted to!
Oh? Then show me here, right now.
Piece of cake!
U-Um, inclined that way... You mean...
If you don't care about your life, bring it on.
It was the natural thing to do.
Yes. Because Kan'u-dono hasn't returned yet, she said she's worried, and she went to the robbers' hideout too.
Yeah.
Kan'u-dono and Chouun-dono have returned.
Just the two of them... all the robbers...
My white horse is really competent.
Okay, okay. Super white horse time stops right there.
There are scenes I want to forget, and there are also memories I want to forget.
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow.
Ima naraba koko de nara tsuyosa ni kawari asu e tsuzuku yo
I play the leading role in this world no matter what
kyou mo ashita mo daibouken
There are countless things that i want.
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
The reason is because Im the only one.
hai hai
Lack of sleep is really bad for the skin.
I'll go as soon as I've put on my clothes, so ask her to wait a little longer.
If I didn't do anything about them, it would be the same as letting them escape, right before my eyes.
Hmph. An incompetent feudal lord and a stupid vassal make a great combination.
Just leave the dirty work of conquering bandits to that brat.
She just meant your hair. She didn't mean anything about your head.
Forget it.
Ah, no, th-that's...
Here, goshujin-sama.
There's nothing to be done about it. You have to do it properly.
That's what it says.
Of course I do!
You've got a lot of confidence there, but it's not possible.
Now, Kishuu's Number One Martial Arts Tournament is finally about to begin!
Competitor Bachou is currently training to be a warrior.
First, the amazing small whirlwind, Chouhi!
This fierce fight is a perfect fit for the finals!
This match is a tie.
Ah, yeah.
Okay?
A match, you say?
However, if you lose...
Oh!
Even though we won, somehow I don't feel really happy.
Tsk, those two are pretty good.
You bandits who take advantage of these turbulent times, disturbing the peace,
Well then, in the last match, both teams will compete in strength.
Eh?!
Ah, eh... We've just received bad news.
Yeah, we won.
Eh? O-Oh, sumo, eh, sumo...
I play the leading role in this world no matter what
dou nan sha pei itsudemo dokodemo
If you wait on it, youre going to lose your love too.
gaman shite koi mo nakucha
Wh-What are you saying? I didn't wet my bed this morning... Ah!
That means...
but I couldn't understand your feelings from yours. I'm frustrated.
What did you do to me while I was asleep? Hey!
In the past, there was a country called Etsu.
A porter's job pays better than I thought.
Sousou?
Sousou, be prepared!
Let go of me. Don't get in my way!
What are you doing? Arrest her!
No!
She killed my dad!
I'm going to behead her, of course.
Regardless of her reasons, she made an attempt on my life.
Ever since I first saw you, I've always wanted to stroke your glossy hair.
I'm terribly sorry. By the time I'd caught her, she'd already...
I see.
But I didn't expect someone to send an assassin all the way out here.
so look forward to the day when it happens.
Sousou.
Even though it's just for entertainment, swinging your sword around like that is...
Ah, well, that's just my assumption.
But in that case, Sousou-dono...
Kakouton-dono.
Bachou, stand up and get your weapon!
And... umm...
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow
Wasuretai keshiki ga ari wasuretai kioku mo aru
Run away quickly if you dont like it.
raku na toki haitto te wo agete
katte ni mawatteru nante maji
Even if there's a river, don't pay it any mind!
When you're walking up a hill, you should sing to keep the bears away.
Hey!
But she's the black-haired bandit hunter!
Serves you right!
No, no, you're exaggerating.
R-Really?
Besides, it doesn't even make sense.
General Kayuu, you'll live a long time since you don't seem to have any worries.
Yes. One day, a white-feathered arrow was shot into the door of the village chief's house.
I want to confirm whether or not it's true.
Therefore, we asked the young villagers, who are confident in their strength,
Someone else said it had sharp fangs and horns.
Another person said that its whole body was covered in thick hair, and that it had a scary roar.
What on earth will happen to this village?
N-No, you can't just decide for us like that...
J-Just leave it to me!
Now that I think about it, it happened on a moonless night, just like tonight.
I started walking, trying to cross the hill before it got dark,
After sleeping for an undetermined amount of time, I heard a crunching sound, as though something was being scratched.
it seemed that the sound came from inside a brand-new coffin.
Oops, did I overdo it a bit?
Damn it for taking me in.
You could've waited for us in the village.
This is the first time I've faced an opponent like this.
I'll issue stern orders to the government officials in order to prevent an incident like this from happening again.
And... can I keep those dogs at my place?
How's that? Isn't it a good idea?
Actually, don't cling to me!
Ima naraba koko de nara tsuyosa ni kawari asu e tsuzuku yo
Uzu no you na mayoi o tatezu ni shita o muku PURAIDO
Umare izuru tenmei wa kono te ni kiseki o yadoshita
I was only pursuing the truth, but when I realized it, you were there.
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
The reason is because Im the only one.
konkyo nante atashi dake
atashi ga kita nara gokuraku tengoku
Spring, summer, autumn, winter,living in comfort,
Dont be unreasonable, but have some tea instead.
hoshii mono nante ikura demo aru
You shouldnt be going around any way you like,
I play the leading role in this world no matter what.
Hai
Bamboo shoots...
O-Oh yeah, let's go eat ramen again when we get to the next village.
No matter what you do, the bamboo shoots from back then will never return again.
A fork in the road, eh? Which way should we go?
Leave it to me at times like this.
The fog is rolling in.
Let's go find her.
Lin Lin, watch your step. There's a cliff.
Ah, there's a house over there.
Don't say something so reserved.
Eh? That's terrible.
Oh my, you did it well.
Suikyou-dono, I appreciate your treating me, but you don't need to go as far as this.
We have to immobilize it.
I hope Sei is all right.
Kan'u-san, I'm going to wash your body for you.
Ah, but before that...
Leave it to me.
She and her sisters were sent from one relative to another.
I see.
The Master said, "To rule a country of a thousand chariots, there must be reverent attention to business, and sincerity;
Suikyou-dono...
I see. Koumei-dono, you really are a good child.
It's okay. I like to be patted.
And then, I'll tell Aisha...
"Ta-da! Here's the Saronpa herb!"
She's slow too, so I can easily get back before her, even if I pick the medicinal herbs after she's done.
Ha-ha. She must be afraid of heights.
Ah, could you possibly be worried about...
Chouhi-san.
What?!
I feel bad this way.
I'd like to ask you for a favor, then.
As you know, it's dangerous as of late.
Well then, Sei, please do your final task.
Kaze no you ni yuurei na ken no mai
It's Chouun.
Yeah. In the end, you guys never found your Chouun-san.
But she's not a child anyway.
Leave it to me at times like this! exact same line as last ep -guu
Then let's go this way.
we got lost in the fog, and I slipped off the cliff and injured myself.
Aisha always takes Koumei's side.
"The Big Eating Tournament is going to be held today. All are welcome."
Bachou!
Does that mean you're going to...
Let's have a contest, Chouhi!
Rawr! Rawr!
Damn it, I'll be left behind by those two at this rate!
I... I lost.
You guys are pretty good.
Who are you?
I don't care if you're a competitive eater or an anteater,
That's right. Get lost already, shorties.
They said if we don't pay back the interest, they'd take my older sister as collateral for the debt.
Indeed!
Thank you very much.
Nee-chan, this person is amazing.
she kept finding mushrooms and wild plants one after another.
Hey, this isn't the time for internal discord.
There's still wine left in it, so don't drop it.
Damn it, what's with her?
Wh-Who are you?
Lin Lin, Bachou, it's been a while.
Are you okay with that?
Bro!
Hold it tight.
Well then, I'm going to get lost too.
I thought it was cool.
Aisha!
Aisha! Aisha!
H-Hey, why all of a sudden...
So Koumei-dono suggested that if we waited on the roads near the exits from the city,
Aisha... why did you turn back?
I'm the older sister, you're the younger one.
This preview was done by the Butterfly Mask. Farewell, then!
Wh-What's with her?
A fork in the road, eh.
we got lost in the fog, and I slipped off the cliff and injured myself.
I agree that Lin Lin-chan's fortune-telling doesn't have any basis.
Is it okay to let her go by herself?
It's a city! My fortune-telling was right after all!
Didn't you go back to your home town of Seiryou?
Now, now, now, the annual Big Eating Tournament is finally coming to a close.
Well then, the final battle will be decided by how many Juumankin buns,
Damn it, I'll be left behind by those two at this rate!
Bachou has dropped out.
I didn't get the prize money.
Actually...
That was close.
Stop it right there!
Who are you?
That's right. Get lost already, shorties.
You don't need to include me!
Who are these people?
No, please don't do that.
We asked these people to stay over in gratitude for saving you.
Nah, the meal wouldn't taste good if I didn't do something.
Wasn't she with you guys?
Hmph, you came here like I expected.
Sensei, please.
Yeah. Regardless of Chouhi, I'm not a kid.
Hey, I'm leaving this with you.
O-Okay.
I don't have a grudge against you guys, but this is my job, so I'm going to give you a hard time.
Hmph, you're the one who's going to have a hard time!
It's too much of a bother to fight you individually, so bring it on all together!
Nice, nice, nice. Even though I thought you guys were kids, the three of you are heroines.
Although I took the job for wine money, I haven't felt this excited for a long time.
How cowardly!
Hey, throw down your weapons, or else this kid's gonna get it.
Wh-Who are you?
Are you okay with that?
Chouhi, I take back what I said.
Aisha!
Kan'u is Chouhi's older sister.
I'm not letting go.
If dedicate my life to someone, I will even go beyond my own boundaries!
There are scenes I want to forget, and there are also memories I want to forget.
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow.
It would be a paradise if i came.
It will be a grand adventure both today and tomorrow.
mucha wo sezu demo ne ocha wo shite
Be fearless, be unmatched in keeping your eye on it.
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
You're the girl who ran away without paying.
But there I bought this.
Possible or not, it just happened in front of our eyes.
In other words, my judgement is always right.
so there's nothing for you to boast about.
Of course.
You've finished every single bit.
Tomorrow afternoon, that parade will pass through the street in front of here.
At any rate, marriage is a happy event.
Specially-made ramen, with extra bamboo shoots and no garlic or roast pork.
A guest to see me?
Don't move.
Your daughter is in our care.
Where's my daughter? My daughter is safe, right?
It all depends on your reply.
Those are pictures my daughter drew in her confinement.
This one?
Kan'u-san...
Fine. If that's what you believe, I'll let you search me naked to see whether or not I stole your stuff.
What?
Right now!
Finish her!
Your mother is waiting for you.
Here.
Hey, it's about time.
I understand.
I can't wait anymore, at this rate...
Eh, first, about Sousou-san and Kan'u-san:
Shinjitsu dake o oimotome kizukeba soko ni kimi ga ita
gouka kenran mondou muyou
kyou mo ashita mo daibouken
Run away quickly if you dont like it.
So, what did you want to show me that's worth interrupting my relaxation?
"At the locations marked on this map, there are treasures we saved up over the course of our entire lifetimes."
Well, well. There's a saying that the more money and baby diapers, the merrier.
Shunran, I'm glad you're enthusiastic about your work, but you need a break once in a while.
You guys are mistaken. This is the smell of sulfur.
By the way, Kan'u.
Um, everyone. In that case, how about looking for a new hot spring?
What's the matter?
Hey, since we're looking for it,
Can you really find a hot spring with something like that?
Why is that insolent little girl here?
Wait, Iishe. We have Reiha-sama here.
It seems they found it.
By the way, Koumei.
Hot springs are mostly found where veins of earth and water intersect.
We lived together ever since it was a cub.
And folding a tangerine peel in half under her nose would be good as well.
Y-Yeah. If you say that, we, the hostage-takers, won't have a leg to stand on.
It's warm.
Oh my. It seems the little girl with tiny breasts said something.
Or did all the food you ate go into the fat of your useless breasts,
Y-Yeah. In that case, my brain would be inferior too!
There, there!
Let's take our time and enjoy it, okay?
You're right.
Did you enjoy this episode of Koihime Musou?
My pride falters because I cannot stop the swirl of my hesitation.
I play the leading role in this world no matter what
Hai
Nee-sama!
However, the citizens, the foundation of the country, are exhausted from it all.
Meirin, didn't we agree that we'd call each other by our mana when we were alone?
Don't worry.
Choushou-dono, since things have turned out this way, let's carry out that plan as soon as possible.
Oh, that means finally...
Putting that "I'm back" feeling aside, will you be all right, Shoukou?
A princess of the Son family disappeared without taking any servants.
Besides, you always act on your own. Do you have any idea how much trouble you've brought to the people around you?
Please spend some time here.
Close your eyes and don't move.
But why am I seeing that dream now?
Really? Then that's all right.
When I read them, the pleasure of new knowledge surges on me like waves.
You said it! Should we have a contest to see if there's any difference or not?
What, you guys are arguing over something trivial again.
It's not trivial!
You said winning...
Kannei-san, just now you said you left Kan'u-san's side to pick up the kill, right?
We're the ones who won't let you get away with insulting her without any definite evidence!
B-But...
Are you all right, Koumei-san?
Sonsaku-sama's condition has improved.
Did you become impatient from hearing that my condition had improved?
You could say that she was in the wrong place at the wrong time,
Rikuson-san, me too.
Now, see us off on our trip with a smiling face, okay?
Yeah. It'd be nice if we could relax like this while traveling on land too.
Ah, what's wrong, Koumei-dono? Are you seasick?
Thank you, Shoukyou.
Well, at least let me do the preview
Dareka ni sasagu inochi nara jibun no kyoukai mo koete
Kimi wa kitto fumidashite iru ne atarashii tobira e to
Your special existence will one day grow into a spiritual bond.
Ima naraba koko de nara tsuyosa ni kawari asu e tsuzuku yo
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
The reason is because Im the only one.
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
Yes! Yes!
A dream, eh?
Damn you.
But still, you're as beautiful as rumor said.
Oh, really? So you've returned with a victory.
Because of that, I opened my warehouses and supplied them with weapons and food to take into battle.
He resembles Ani-chan in some ways.
Men, let's destroy the cowardly Volunteer Army!
you will meet your doom right here!
I'm going to beat you up badly!
Once I get back into my fortress...
Would you work for me?
I want to stock up as many medicinal herbs as possible...
I hit the jackpot, in a sense.
After that, I used up all my strength and fell down with a thud.
Y-You guys shouldn't laugh like that.
Thinking about the panicked look on your face...
I think we should consider the real possibility of an enemy assault.
And he's keeping all the treasures we recovered from the bandits' hideouts to himself
If you're angry, come here and get us.
Dummy.
Riri, it's about time for us to go.
is a general there, so I'm thinking of lending her a hand.
And then I'll become as big as you!
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow
Uzu no you na mayoi o tatezu ni shita o muku PURAIDO
Tokubetsu na sonzai wa itsuka kizuna ni kawaru
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow.
gouka kenran mondou muyou
raku na toki haitto te wo agete
Yeah
mucha wo sezu demo ne ocha wo shite
If you wait on it, youre going to lose your love too.
Be fearless, be unmatched in keeping your eye on it.
yappari chakkari sekai no shuyaku wo atashi
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
A punitive force was dispatched against them multiple times,
But let's go on a huge rampage and take this chance to enlighten the cowardly government forces!
The government forces are seriously short-handed right now.
And we'll be able to save even more people.
The moon?
Oh, you're right. It is beautiful.
However, Kan'u-dono, it's no match for your beauty.
Th-That's not true. I'm going with Aisha
Chou Yokutoku.
We'll fight without Chouhi-dono and Koumei-dono.
When the rebels have been starved out, and their morale has crumbled,
Soft?
Okay.
If you're successful in taking the enemy commander's head,
I will make you my aide.
The proof of that vow...
It smells strange.
It tastes bad. Another cup.
Huh?
but they have no idea how long they can hold out.
How did this happen?
The bandits have broken through the outer moat!
We need immediate reinforcements...
W-Wait!
Everyone is here, right?
Lin Lin-chan...
She's just one person. Get her!
My body feels heavy, and I can't move anymore because of the fever, but I won't lose.
Lin Lin, you've done your best.
All right, fire!
We still haven't smashed the mansion yet?
Batou's orphan, Bachou from Seiryuu, is here!
Sei?
At times I'm a messenger of beauty and justice, Butterfly Mask.
But my true identity is...
Yes, sir!
All right! Lin Lin won't lose to you guys either!
Serves you right!
Lin Lin, is your cold better now?
Going on a rampage seems to have cured it.
Listen, that man was...
I'm sure his claim to be a descendant of Prince Jing of Zhongshan was a total lie.
Y-Y-You saw it?!
In the peach garden, with the flowers in full bloom, Kan'u and Chouhi reaffirmed their pledge of sisterhood.
That story will be told some other time.
Gareki ni umoreta hikari moshi mo sore ni kizuitara
Kaze no you ni yuurei na ken no mai
Shinjitsu dake o oimotome kizukeba soko ni kimi ga ita
I play the leading role in this world no matter what
gouka kenran mondou muyou
atashi ga kita nara gokuraku tengoku
Spring, summer, autumn, winter,living in comfort,
daitan futeki ni nerau hitomi ha muteki ni
I play the leading role in this world after all
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
Geez, this is the end of the world.
What were those brats up to?was: What was with those brats?
When she was small, robbers broke into her house and killed her parents.
She's a good-natured child.
She's just a bit stir-crazy at the moment.
By the way, Mistress.
The Lin Lin Bandit Group is the best!
The best!
See you tomorrow.
Don't you see? I don't have any...
Oh well, it's fine. After you finish that, chop the wood and clean the store.
Did something happen?
Sending officials... That's going too far just for a kid.
From what I've heard, Lin Lin is a rowdy girl, and even the adults find it difficult to deal with her.
Y-You're that one?was: You are she? - no one speaks that way
But I did hear that she's a rare beauty with black hair...
The rumor was unreliable.
What should we do?
The boss won't lose to you.
You don't have the right to call me that!
This world, in which innocent people are hurt because they get caught up in wars and attacked by robbers? - this whole line is what she meant by "it" in the previous line -guu
Why are you crying?
I just want you to apologize to the village chief and the villagers, and to change your behavior.
How is the water temperature?
TLC - is this something, or just a meaningless exclamation? - guu says just an exclamation
It's okay. Because I lost the fight, sleeping together for one night can't be helped. it can't be helped to sleep together for one night. 
Besides, it's been a really long time since I slept with someone like this.
Okay. I'll be your older sister.
We're going to the right of the solitary cryptomeria tree.
Don't cry. It's bad luck to cry when setting off on a journey.
Listen, Chouhi.
Since you've become my younger sister, you have to listen to what I say.
From now on, I won't mess up the pleats of my skirt, and I won't turn up the collar of my sailor's uniform.
An elegant sword dances like the wind,
It would be a paradise if i came.
raku na toki haitto te wo agete
There are countless things that i want.
katte ni mawatteru nante maji
konkyo nante atashi dake
Yes! Yes!
I want to call you by your mana, but you haven't told me what it is.
Yeah, my black hair is.
I'm sorry to have made you wait.
This person is a traveling warrior just like you.
Th-That's...
A-Ah well, let's leave that topic till later.
I'll undertake to test her, if you have no objections.
H-Hey, Lin Lin!
Actually, Aisha doesn't even need to fight someone like you.
What Shakudouzan incident?
I'm sure you couldn't stay quiet even for a single moment.
That's not true! I could do it if I wanted to!
Are we going to hide in here?
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
You low-life! Stop right there!
This is enough against low-lifes like you.
Chouun.
Um, thank you very much for saving me.
Actually, the village kids are kept in the underground jail here.
Oh, yeah! Grandpa said that if I was lost in the mountains, I should look at a fallen tree.
The key.
Cross to the other side on this.
Surround them and kill them in one strike!
Kousonsan-sama.
Oh. How did it go?
If you keep working under Kousonsan-dono,
Most importantly, it looks like being with you guys will be more fun.
Hey, my friends.
I'm the White Horse General, Kousonsan.
An elegant sword dances like the wind,
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
Dont be unreasonable, but have some tea instead.
If you wait on it, youre going to lose your love too.
I play the leading role in this world after all
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
Yes! Yes!
Good workThank you? for coming all the way from the capital to defeat the bandits, Sousou.
Sousou, that's a rude thing to say to Enshou-sama.
Even if it's true, there are things you shouldn't say to someone's face...
Oh? Then by all means, I'd like to take a look at it.
But having to address people who aren't my masters as "goshujin-sama" is...
I just made a few mistakes. That's mean of her.
In any case, I'm going to earn a lot of money and surprise Aisha.
That's what it says.
From Yuushuu in the north to Koutou in the south, from all across the country,
You brat...
What, is that it for you?
Okay?
Therefore, I'd like to make a proposal.
All right. Now we just need to give them impossibly difficult tasks in the test,
If we lose?
Umm, put this here.
Even though we won, somehow I don't feel really happy.
Next is the test of beauty, which is essential in my followers.
But after all, it's...
In spite of everything, they need to give me a break on that one.
First you disappeared somewhere, and on top of that, you didn't come back for a whole night!
What are you doing on a public program?
There are scenes I want to forget, and there are also memories I want to forget.
you will definitely be taken a step forwards a new page.
Shinjitsu dake o oimotome kizukeba soko ni kimi ga ita
The inseparable sadness that reflects in the corner of my memory.
Kioku no sumi ni utsurikomu kirihanasenai kanashimi mo
Yeah
East, south, west, north, anytime and anywhere,
I play the leading role in this world after all
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
arienai kara sou desho
Hai
"Just as it's reassuring to have traveling companions, it's important...
You've perspired quite a bit.
What is it, Shuuran? What are you laughing about?
Aisha is her mana. Her name is Kan'u.
I see, so that's what happened.
Leave this to Aisha.
But...
I heard about what happened.
A deal?
Yes. Sleep with me tonight, just this once.
If you do that, I will spare Bachou's life.
Are you really going to spare Bachou's life if I sleep with you for one night?
Yeah, I promise.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered in.
I should just sleep tonight.
Kan'u,
I will spare Bachou's life as a reward.
Sousou-dono!
However, this doesn't mean I've given up on you.
I always thought you were merely a tactful person, but I heard your skill with a sword is pretty good too.
Kakouton-dono.
she respected that by accepting the unfavorable criticism herself.
I'm going to take your head off to stir myself up for revenge!
Her calm posture is like a grove in the deep woods.
People remember others' faces when they part, until they meet again. quote from ep1. no edit -guu
But you sacrificed both your front and back to Sousou in order to save me.
Nah, but that's what Chouun said...
Hey! What are you doing? Let go of me!
Villain, you said... I'm just...
Ah, well, I didn't know that and took it completely wrong...
Even though you called yourself Shao...
Eh? Why does that matter? I'm hungry.
Do you even have money for food?
Hey!
I mean, if I had money, I wouldn't have run away from the tea house without paying, would I?
Wait!
Possible or not, it just happened in front of our eyes.
Proof? The person in question says so herself, so it can't be wrong.
that the third eldest son who'll be adopted is exceptionally pretty.
Some of the local feudal lord's relatives or close aides seem to be against this marriage.
If that's the case, the feudal lord must have arranged plenty of guards for tomorrow too.
You dare say that, after snoring and exposing your stomach?
Unforgivable!
Nah, I don't think so.
Could it be the house across from the tea store?
Eh? Well, probably...
I know it's painful, but I think it's better for you to do as Koumei-dono says.
It won't take much time if we hurry to that tea store.
two,
three.
Riri-dono, we're going. Hold on tight!
Kan'u-san...
It's a pity, but we're parting here.
Kan'u-san, I really have no idea how to thank you.
Repeat after me.
If you notice the light buried under the rubble,
Kimi wa kitto fumidashite iru ne atarashii tobira e to
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
katte ni mawatteru nante maji
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
Yes!
Even if there's a river, don't pay it any mind!
Eh, why?!
R-Really?
That girl just keeps on sneaking out.
My, my. What a bothersome governor-general, neglecting her work to take a stroll.
What a terrible thing to do... terriblemean -guu
But all of them ran back with their tails between their legs.
Oh. Please do, then.
Both of you seem to be trembling a bit. Are you scared?
Wh-What is it this time?
Good luck exterminating the monster.
Now that I think about it, it happened on a moonless night, just like tonight.
I woke up with a start. as in startled -guu
Hey, Aisha, Lin Lin.
This guy is strong, but...
As strong as a monster?
You're good people. "you" here means all of them -guu
Do you know how worried I was before I found out where you were?
It's already resolved.
Everyone, sorry to have kept you waiting.
By the way, Ei-chan,
Toutaku-sama, that's already in the past.
No, it's not.
So let's train these dogs to help guard the city.
How's that? Isn't it a good idea?
You can just say it in words!
Kimi wa kitto fumidashite iru ne atarashii tobira e to
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
iya na toki pyuutte nigetoite
There are countless things that i want.
Be fearless, be unmatched in keeping your eye on it.
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
Hey, Sei. Are you still mad about what happened earlier?
Lin Lin, all because you were too greedy.
You ate them too.
Both people and bamboo shoots are a once-in-a-lifetime encounter.
Um, eh?
You're all set.
My name is Shibaki. My nickname is Suikyou.
Let's dig in!
Delicious!
It tastes good.
Oh? What kind of food can you make?
"Is he not a man of complete virtue, who feels no discomposure though men may take no note of him?"
Suikyou-dono...
I see. Koumei-dono, you really are a good child.
I've drenched it for three days, but the swelling hasn't really come down.
What's the Saronpa herb?
Be careful not to trip and fall.
Ah, I found it!
Why? I-I just happened to be passing by. Just happened to!
Saronpa herb seems to be really effective.
I feel bad this way.
As you know, it's dangerous as of late.
No matter how strong she is emotionally, going on a journey by herself at that age is...
But I won't be able to see her for quite a while.
If dedicate my life to someone, I will even go beyond my own boundaries!
konkyo nante atashi dake
I play the leading role in this world after all
katte ni mawatteru nante maji
Is it okay to let her go by herself?
Aisha always takes Koumei's side.
Don't call me tiny.
Kyocho is going as strong as ever!
Eh? You lost sight of Chouun, had a fight with Kan'u, and split up?
I-I didn't do anything wrong!
My name is Kyocho. My courtesy name is Chuukou.
My name is Bachou. My courtesy name is Mouki. I came from Seiryou.
You guys are pretty good.
Paper sign : Contract
Hey, give him a hard time.
That's right. Get lost already, shorties.
Who? You, you, and this one.
You said "shorty" again, "shorty..."
If we take that, we can pay back the debt, no matter how big it is.
If we take the money, then our actions are meaningless.
I'm really sorry to make you help me with that.
Nee-chan, I'm home.
Securing food from a hill is the basis of competitive eating training.
What? I took the job as your bodyguard for so little money
But these are just kids.
Today I'm a bodyguard, earning a daily cash wage.
You're not letting me finish my comeback, eh?
Now, you guys, hurry up and drop your weapons...
Wh-Who are you?
In order to reform these turbulent times, a single butterfly flutters down to the earth.
Mask...
but it bothers me to have people think I know a weirdo likes you!
You really spoiled my fun by using the dirty trick of taking hostages.
Why did you interfere?
Yes!
Well then, I'm going to get lost too.
is gone.
I'm sure it will have more and larger big eating tournaments.
Look.
Why?
So Koumei-dono suggested that if we waited on the roads near the exits from the city,
Who is that black-haired woman? Is she a friend of Chouhi's?
Having a drink after the show is the best after all!
There are scenes I want to forget, and there are also memories I want to forget.
At this time, at this place, it will become my strength and lead me to tomorrow.
Yeah
Spring, summer, autumn, winter,living in comfort,
daitan futeki ni nerau hitomi ha muteki ni
One, two, three!
You're the girl who ran away without paying.
Hey, food.
I had enough traveling expenses with me, until I reached the previous city.
Amazing, she hit it.
What on earth happened?
Possibly.
It was delicious.
Huh? Parade?
that the third eldest son who'll be adopted is exceptionally pretty.
And that group of people are said to be plotting to assassinate the adopted bridegroom.
It'd be nice if that was the case.
You dare say that, after snoring and exposing your stomach?
Tomorrow afternoon, that parade will pass through the street in front of here.
Lin Lin, you can come in now.
What a dirty ploy.
Don't you think it resembles someone?
What she could see from where she's confined...
P-Please wait. We'll tell you where, but I think it's better for you not to go.
I know it's painful, but I think it's better for you to do as Koumei-dono says.
Not at all. Actually, it's so normal that I'm bored.
Finish her!
My mother?
Here.
With this crowd, I won't make it to the inn quickly enough.in time would be too repetitious: inn in
Mo... th... er...
Wh-What are you saying? Lin Lin is not my daughter.
Gareki ni umoreta hikari moshi mo sore ni kizuitara
Flower of Bravery!
Yeah
gaman shite koi mo nakucha
daitan futeki ni nerau hitomi ha muteki ni
Luxurious and gorgeous, theres no arguing about it.
Who did you say wastes money?
Shunran, don't make such a scary face. I won't leave you out.
According to the local people, the water has only flowed sporadically since the huge earthquake about half a month ago.
I wanted to get into a huge bath, too.
What's the matter?
Hm, that sounds interesting.
Just to warn you, this isn't just for fun.
Wh-What are you saying?
That's cute, Shunran.
Can you really find a hot spring with something like that?
Why is that insolent little girl here?
I'll remove the rock right away.
Maybe to the toilet? Don't we always go together too?
Tiger, tiger!
That cat-ear tactician.
I'm the one without a leg to stand on!
Ah, nah, b-behind you, behind you...
Reiha-sama!
Or did all the food you ate go into the fat of your useless breasts,
making you slow-witted and unable to understand what I said?
You also have to consider the color, shape... and sensitivity.
Let's experiment and see who's number one.
You're right.
I'm not bragging, but I'm quite amazing too, with my clothes off.
Kaze no you ni yuurei na ken no mai
the fate that has befallen me fills my hand with miracles.
Your special existence will one day grow into a spiritual bond.
The inseparable sadness that reflects in the corner of my memory.
Kioku no sumi ni utsurikomu kirihanasenai kanashimi mo
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
Yeah
Hai
Yes! Yes!
Nee-sama!
My apologies.
Now then, the beautiful twin girls of Koutou,
will sing for you!
And yet, Sonken-sama is...
Sheren-sama...
Yes.
Shuuyu, eh? Damnation upon that young and inexperienced vassal!
If you scold her more than that, she's going to run away from home again.
Big time!
You talked to Kan'u-dono quite a bit.
You're being silly.
Kan'u-dono and Chouhi-dono have gone with Shoukou-sama to the hunting ground on the hill.
Is anyone with them?
I sent Kannei as their guide.
All sorts of books are collected here.
Please, Kannei.
Isn't your flat-chested figure way more childish than mine?
It's not trivial!
I'm afraid so.
Because lord and vassal see each other every day, there are daily frictions, differences of opinion, and uncommon interests.
Don't think I'll let you get away with insulting a warrior like that!
Stop right there!
Kannei, drop your sword.
Kan'u-dono, I'm sorry.
Respected Aunt.
but once the fever goes away, you can see her and talk to her.
S-Sonsaku, aren't you...
but I didn't expect you to go so far as to kill me.
I leave that to your imagination.
Yes, everything went smoothly.
But we did something bad to Kan'u.
but I didn't expect Sonken-sama to catch an assassin that didn't really exist.
Even if you're renowned as a famous tactician or mastermind, as long as you're not a god, there's no way you can foresee everything.
Geez, it was improper of me, as someone who holds authority, to do that.
Hey, I don't care if you're a section chief or a vice chief, the episode is already over.
If you notice the light buried under the rubble,
Shinjitsu dake o oimotome kizukeba soko ni kimi ga ita
Kioku no sumi ni utsurikomu kirihanasenai kanashimi mo
dounimo kounimo sekai no shuyaku wa atashi
Run away quickly if you dont like it.
I play the leading role in this world after all
And get my Seiryuuengetsutou!
O-Okay!
I said you're as beautiful as rumor said.
Umm...
We raised an army to punish these lawless people and to bring peace to the citizenry.
They ended up losing all seven battles.
All right. First of all, send a small unit to provoke the bandits in their fortress.
you will meet your doom right here!
Kan'u-dono.
Ah, n-nah. It's just that the moon is too beautiful.
I want to improve my reputation by exterminating bandits, and recruit more soldiers.
Hey, Lin Lin. You shouldn't keep laughing at someone else's mistake.
Come get us.
The Volunteer Army's no big deal.
There's a place in this village where we can view peach blossoms?
If you notice the light buried under the rubble,
I was only pursuing the truth, but when I realized it, you were there.
The reason is because Im the only one.
dou nan sha pei itsudemo dokodemo
atashi ga kita nara gokuraku tengoku
Spring, summer, autumn, winter,living in comfort,
I play the leading role in this world after all
Because thats impossible, isnt it?
If we can achieve a great success here,
You have a fever, a cough, and a runny nose, so of course you've caught a cold.
Aisha and I fought all the way here together.
I'm definitely going to take the field along with Aisha!
Right, that's my younger sister. I'm leaving the village to you.
Got it!
We'll fight without Chouhi-dono and Koumei-dono.
That's too soft.
Yes, Ma'am. In response to your expectations, I will definitely return with their commander's head.
I will appoint you a general of the government forces and make you my aide.
Come.
This medicinal herb grew by absorbing what little vitality Bachou-san had.
Really?
This fortress is in the hands of the Volunteer Army now.
What a weirdo.
According to a messenger who just arrived from the village, there are lots of them.
They request reinforcements.
But we've already accepted the order to be the vanguard tomorrow.
That's not what I'm talking about!
If you abandon the village, please think about what will happen to the villagers!
Just think about me.
Even though you're a heroine, going alone will effectively lead to your death!
Yes, right away.
Everyone is here, right?
Strengthen the defenses and hold them!
But!
Shuri, I leave the rest to you.
I won't let you through.
If you don't care about your life, bring it on!
Go, go! Get her!
We've already gained control of all the other places though.
It's an enemy raid!
Problems arise one after the other.
Those guys are too strong!
Serves you right!
I'll convey my thanks to Sousou-dono another time.
Nah. I'm happy that I could return some of the favor you did.
By the way, why did you become Butterfly Mask, Sei?
Actually, after I lost you guys, I died after being hit by a shining gem that dropped from the sky.
And why did Ryuubi run away?
Tell me.
I wonder what awaits them, and the unique princesses gathered by their side, on the path ahead.
It's my first day as a transfer student, and here I am oversleeping.
Sorry for suddenly jumping out at you.
So you go to St. Franchesca Academy too?
But, I overslept.
But...
Well then, let's begin the attack!
Speaking of which...
Baked, baked bread, made from wheat...
Hey, isn't that horsemeat sandwich for me?
No, the conger eel sandwiches were sold out, so I couldn't buy one.
Stop it, Rin Rin!
You don't have anything to apologize for.
You made a vow of sisterhood with me!
Oh boy...
That's about enough out of you.
My deepest apologies, Shuuyu-sama.
Shh... be quiet, Shoukou-san.
Just once, I'd like to see if I am worthy to have you as my master.
Beginners welcome, as long as you're motivated!
Ladies and gentlemen of the audience,
Their balance between fighting strength and steeled loyalty
Kayuu has lent the team her fighting strength for her own reasons,
"I shall inherit my elder sister's will."
Dunno what's going on here,
The White Bloomer General, Kousonsan,
Chousen, that's me!
Now that the principal has graced us with his words,
Yeah.
You stupid little...!
One - two, one - two, one - two...
This one will be reviewed by the Executive Committee.
The judges' decision is that the teams crossed the goal simultaneously.
Kousonsan-dono, what're you doing?
N-no...
drags the "zebra strategist" by the hand across the goal line.
C'mon, go, go!
The third match will take place after the lunch break.
I wonder if Riri is waiting like a good girl...?
You're sold out?
It serves you right; now you'll get what you deserve!
What?
Semifinal Match 2: The Kan'u Army vs. the Sonken Army!
Shoukou-sama...
We won!
The centrifugal forces around her chest became excessive.
The contest will be a freestyle relay. Representing the Enshou Army is...
Both of them are off to a good start, but the Butterfly Mask is ahead.
See what you get?
Koumei, I'm sorry about everything.
Kan'u has been disqualified.
I play the leading role in this world no matter what
East, south, west, north, anytime and anywhere,
dou nan sha pei itsudemo dokodemo
Raise your hand when you're comfortable.
One, two, three!
So, what did you want to show me that's worth interrupting my relaxation?
Ah, that means this is
If we dig these up, we'll find lots of gold and silver and other treasures.
I heard the water there is good for your skin, so I'm going to soak for a long time and let my skin become silky smooth.
You're right, but...
There's a stinky smell, somehow.
Sulfur?
Hey, it's unfair to dash ahead.
But this is a hot spring!
There's no water.
Looking for a new hot spring?
Do you mean looking for a different place where hot water flows, and digging there?
All right! Let's set out right away to look for a hot spring!
Hey, don't make the decision on your own!
All right.
Since it's decided, let's charge ahead!
Hey, w-wait, you can't just...
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
That's true, but...
Ah, you're right.
I'll remove the rock right away.
That's not the case at all!
Abalone livers would be good too.
Hm, what's wrong?
I'm glad that you've come to your senses.
Both of you were worried about me that much.
Toshi, did you hear it?
Tsk.
But our army is overwhelming in term of quantity.
You're going to be seen, you're going to be seen.
Linking huge breasts to an inferior brain is an outrageous theory!
Y-Yeah. In that case, my brain would be inferior too!
Eh? That's... um...
Next episode, Koihime Musou, Tenth Feast:
What's wrong, Renfa? You seem to have something to say.
Sonken, what are you saying?
I'll definitely seize the country with my own hand.
Yes. Arrangements have already been made.
Putting that "I'm back" feeling aside, will you be all right, Shoukou?
H-Hey, Lin Lin!
And that child called Chouhi is amusing too.
Is anyone with them?
Really? Then that's all right.
Books are good.
You said winning...
We'll have boar-meat stew for lunch today!
but the hunting ground on the hill is the best place for shooting an arrow at Nee-sama.
Chouhi and I happened not to be near Kan'u at the time...
Are you all right, Koumei-san?
She's still unconscious, but the doctor said she's past the critical stage.
but I didn't expect you to go so far as to kill me.
Even though this is a turbulent age, it's still pretty sad.
Sonsei-sama, please excuse us, but we're taking you into custody for the crime of treason.
I leave that to your imagination.
No matter how much you gain, the immense amount of blood you've shed will return to haunt the Son family someday!
Yes, everything went smoothly.
It will be irrefutable evidence of treason.
It was out of my imagination.
Thank you.
but next time we meet, we'll have a seven-round match: size, shape, color, gloss, sensitivity, elasticity, and taste.
That's most welcome!
Kan'u-dono.
After you make the mistake, recognize it, and apologize, you should reflect
Yes. Was this incident really just an attempted assassination?
Let's see.
She expounded a well-organized theory at such a young age,
and she was courageous enough not to flinch when a sword was pointing at the tip of her nose...
Looking forward to it, eh? I found her rather scary.
Original scripts by Maigo
Shiny Boy kimi to Knock shiyou so nazomeki wa kagayaku biimu
Megalov. Megalove. Ready to fight.
Let's go!
A bad image comes to mind and I can't walk straight.
Shiny Boy. I'll knock on you.
Don't screw around with me, Gokou Committee bitches! fusaken na yo goukoukai no yatsura me 
You need to stop messing around. ??? jinjin no jin ja nee tsu no-!
That's right. sou
Look into it this minute. suguni kakunin shinasai
Uh... um... e---to...
He's here. psychic TL of gender itta could mean so many things...
Let's see, the academy is...
Flowers in full bloom! The blooming of love, KoiKoi Seven!
For a while now those helicopters have been making a racket... saki kara yatarabe heri ga urusai 'su kedo
Gotcha!
A-Am I... about to die...?
My name is Tanaka Tetsurou. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Now, your seat will be...
It's the girl who saved me earlier.
We must teach him who is in charge here in this school. kono kakuen nai de wa dare ga koshujin-sama na no ka wakarezu de sashiagenakute wa ne
Here I go.
Satou-san's breasts are quite big, aren't they?
By the way, Yayoi-chan, why are you so kind to me?
Promise?
Forcing someone to do something against their will isn't nice, you know. honnin no ishi o mushi shite muri yari 'te no wa yokunai ze
Incomprehensible. fukakai desu
Eh. E-Eh...
Nosshi nosshi.
It's not like I'd forget making a promise with such a cute girl...
Tetsurou-san?
G-Gokou Committee...?
What an insult... nan ja yuu kutsujoku
Very well. sou desu wa 
We have an emergency situation. kinkyuu jitai desu
Everyone, Tetsurou-san is in danger.
Although we are but six strong, people call us Koi Koi Seven. rokunin dakedo hito yonde koikoi7 
If one day or another I must settle things with you outsiders... izure wa anata gata tozama to wa kecchaku o tsukenakereba naranai ai da kara 
Leave it to us. makaseru
Victory. ?tsuuyoi?
Well, this is the first time though. 'te yuu yori ima hajimete to onna desu
Just now I felt with everything I have. ima yayoi wa tsuyoku omotta no desu
That's why, I will absolutely absolutely protect you. dakara zettai zettai tetsurou-san o mamoru no desu
Yayoi-chan...
This must be it. koko da yo ne
Tetsurou-san!
Tsukuyomi Miyabi, pleased to meet you...
We don't need a wall between us. futari no aida ni kabe wa iranai desu
I can fly, You can fly
Power UpReady to Fight
mabushii yoroshii sutaato suru zo! C'mon Ready go
A bad image comes to mind and I can't walk straight.
"But I'm still all right."
So into your life of mystery a beam will shine.
Take that! kora
Otome, give me data support.
Fire!
Yay! I'm so glad you're safe! ?wai!? tetsurou-san ga buji de yokatta na no desu
That was unexpected...
Tetsurou-san.
He probably went to the toilet. benjo demo itta'n darou 
Sakuya...
And so you're asking how this fits in with their plans? soushite soshiki no ?egaita? aojashin dou omou to iu koto ka
They squeeze around my chest. mune no toko shikutte yo
Lots and lots. ippai ?shite? sashiagemasu wa
Miya-sama... How unsightly... miya-sama o-gehin
Sailing Jump!
Shit!
Go for it! ganbare desu
Really, even though studying is the first priority for a student... Honestly, gakusei wa benyou ga honbun datte yuu no ni 
This is Mongol Sumo. kore wa ?mongol sumo? desu
Tetsurou-san, I don't really understand difficult things.
Alright!
We are dedicated to the power of love! ai no chikara ?fukeru? aru
Corner of the Gokou Committee! gokoukai no ?chuuseki? ga
Tearing up the earth.
Firing guns.
You aren't... doing it all for me...?
We've made you wait, haven't we, Tetsurou?
Incomprehensible.
More... do it more...
We are Ojou-sama's squadron... warera ojou-sama sentai 
The Gokou Five. gokou 5 ni wa ari desu wa! 
That was kind of cool! chotto kakko ii kamo
They're otaku... ?outaku? da be sa
Incomprehensible.
While there is evil in this world. kono yo ni wa aku ga aru kagiri 
motto takaku maware kimi no saakasu
Welcome, everyone in the Koi Koi 7. Welcome to my Cattleya Castle.
Obviously with her under my guidance, her education will be far better off.
A sleazy baboon is what she is!
Wonderfuldesu. Just like the babylon towerdesu.
... thinking you can break through Cattleya Castle's defenses with such a toy!
Excuse me, everyone! Is it really okay, leaving Gantai-chan?
I believe this is acceptable now! Am I right?
I want you to give me oodles of affection, okay?
Tetsuro-san, I misjudged you!
Blast it! If we're ambushed in a place like this, we won't be able to keep Otome protected.
Take all of this!
Underneath my suit, I have nothing onaru!
Sato-san, that's too much.
But you know...
She's just always getting others involved
Won
Sensationaldesu. Immensedesu.
That Akio-chan, she likes winning a bit too much.
That is?!
That's impossible!
Then, it must be.
Of course, we will not let that happen.
If it is your wish...
How about this?!
What are you sayingnya?
Raise up your body, stick out your chest, and put your right hand on your hip.
Please be careful.
Fifth Conference Room
Wait a minute, Gantai. We are going to save you now.
The big forehead onee-chan did this...
Just as promised, you may take the child and return home.
That's enough.
Just for Mia-sama, we will gladly fight aru!
Strike a pose, Ready To Fight, Let's Go!
Megalo! Mega Love! Ready To Fight, Let's Go!
and I cannot walk straight.
For you, I'm not going to lose! All Right!
Translations: Potatochobits QC: Vexx Timing: Abatis Treefaller If you paid money for this, then you should also invest in swampland.
Come to me, my angel.
I was still a highschool student.
He is on the move.
So then, the research is halted?
Gokou Academy's rule number 695: "Fraternizing with the opposite sex is a violation."
Are you okay Tetsuro-san?
You'll have to answer to this!
Right, HexoKazura-sama!
for me...
from the start.
I'LL GIVE YOU MONEY OR ANYTHING ELSE!
I DON'T WANT TO DIE! I JUST DON'T WANT TO DIE!
--don't want to die...
There is no way I'll excuse you!
Not good.
Impossible. Yes, an impossibility.
Te-tsu-ro-u-samaaaa!
He's here!
This academy is an genotype pool.
Before he plots the coordinates, we have to do something to stop him.
Tetsuro, this way!
Decoys...?
It must be rough on you too.
L-E-T-'S GOOOO!!!
Right now, Yayoi is...
It's something you really hate right, Tetsuro-san?
It's a promise.
Give back Yayoi-chan!
HexoKazura?
Tetsuro... You...?
We are all Yayoi's guardians.
because of their extended battle skills,
there will be a five second freeze in their activities.
Come, my princess.
To say I wasn't a normal child.
Let's make a start!
Tetsuro-san!
Wai! Wai!
Sato-san...
Although I was against it, I'm really glad I came with everyone!
Grandfather, I will replace the wishes of your heart with my very own life. 'till the end.
For me to carry on the legacy of our financial organization;
My, Mia-sama. Those are such reassuring words. For all mankind. For all the earth.
I dont want you to diedesu!
Otome?
What's the meaning of this!
I thought this time might be the end...
It's the deputy sistersdesu.
Meeting you here is one in a million.
What was that, just now?
No you can't. Yes, its time you should leave right now.
This... might be a bit troublesome.
All the girls started from the same basic body type, see?
Yamada-san!
Note: Chuu is normally a sound effect for smooching. Chuu...
Hot springs, for real!
Such a nice temperature.
This heat is nothing at all.
Does it seem like the water's getting hotter?
What's happening?
That aside, were you able to present orie with my letter of invitation?
What?
Wai! Wai!
Today, just for today, I will punish you all.
Lady Hexokazura.
Hyper mega beam cannon...
Amazingdesu! A great spectacledesu.
I knew it, just like always something ends up destroyed, right?
I Can Fly You Can Fly
We have become hardened.
Unidentified units decending from the gateway.
TETSURO!!!
Together.
I can't approve of this taste.
Whoa! Hifumi, that's great!
What's with that outfit!
You trying to kill me?!
It's too much!
Yes, uh, Celonius 28 was--
Don't screw around with me, Gokou Committee bitches!
You need to stop messing around.
I wonder...
Tetsurou-san. Asuka Yayoi, pleased to meet you!
Ah, um... H-Hang on...
Hurry up and separate!
Is absolutely unforgivable!
U-Uh, you don't need to go that far...
On top of that, adultfiction...
Where have you gone?
The Gokou Committee; those deemed of lineage, wealth, refinement or importance...
Now, Tanaka Tetsurou, pledge your obedience to me.
Tetsurou-san's in danger!
We have an emergency situation.
Emergency combat procedure, Defcon 1, declared.
...then now is as good a time as any!
What did you say? Bitch.
...fight with all you have!
Wah, it's pretty!
Everyone, stay calm.
Gotcha!
This is the end!
F-First time?
From today on, we'll be living here together.
But, this is the school dormitory...
Kazamatsuri Sakuya. Nice to meet ya.
That's how things are, so try and be friends with everyone.
Tanaka Tetsurou-kun.
Anyway, I need to relax.
Gently swinging, the pendulum of dreams...
We all discover the first morning through a thousand nights
Please make it come true:
Come On And Ready go!
Super Love, Hyper Girl, Invincibly Let's Try!
Affirmative.
Yay! I'm so glad you're safe!
Girl's Bravo! Sway, get washed away! It's Miya-sama's counter-attack. Girl's Bravo! Sway, get washed away! It's Miya-sama's counter-attack. Girl's Bravo! Sway, get washed away! It's Miya-sama's counter-attack.
Tetsurou-san...
Good morning.
Class... My prize for perfect attendance...
Big bouncing breasts.
As pretty as a flower.
Why do we have to skip class to help out with this?
Justice is strength!
Next is Sepak Takraw.
Let me see what makes your hearts beat!
Cutting things with your hair.
That's all.
You aren't... doing it all for me...?
We've made you wait, haven't we, Tetsurou?
It's kind of perverted...
It's embarrassing.
It's so good...
But it feels so good. I can't help it!
Who determine Justice and rights...
Eh?
Incomprehensible.
At last the time has come to finish you outsiders off for good.
Yet even though the flowers are blooming, people are crying.
Although, I won't accept it anyway.
There is an empty swing set
A Miracle.
No holding back!
I fall down the stairs, "Owww!" and smile bitterly.
Let's make a start!
For you, I'm not going to lose! All Right!
We want to go!
W-what should we do?
...I know exactly what to do from now on!
Amongst the flames, we vanquish evil!
Akio-chan...
I won't allow it.
Tanaka-kun!
...as Kino Ranger Red, how could I have been so careless...
Come on, don't be shy, don't be shy.
Tanaka Tetsuro and those Koi-Koi Seven outsiders, eh?
...wasn't I?
...when I think about having been born again...
From the always uncertain yourself...
...it's good to change.
...wonder if I can do it as well...
That Burusera Mask guy...
We, the hot-blooded squadron, Kino Rangers will defeat this Burusera Mask!
Ah... don't come near there!
For an enemy of all women to appear inside my Gokou academy...
You're the stupid one here!
Wa-Yo-Ju Sisters.
Impossible to comprehend.
Alright!
I can't get closer!
This is bad!
There's nothing I can do!
It's alright to leave behind your uncertain self and be reborn.
I can't give up.
...Kick!!
...is indeed very strong.
...it's like you're a real superhero!
...really am not that strong!
Akio-chan?
There is an empty swing set
...why have my feelings been betrayed?
My heart's racing, about to explode.
Life of a Beauty at Stake? What does Otome-chan Dream About? Life of a Beauty at Stake? What does Otome-chan Dream About? Life of a Beauty at Stake? What does Otome-chan Dream About? Extra-curricular Lesson 4 Extra-curricular Lesson 4
Eh... my panties and bra are also soaked.
G-go ahead.
Make absolutely certain Otome doesn't get wet.
Got that?
...standing in the rain in such a place...
What a cold hands...
My heart is still beating wildly!
But...
I-I'm sorry.
Kanji: "Only one", "why?"
It's not like that...
Eh? Otome-chan, is something wrong?
What is this? Just what is this?
Just what is that?
This... please use it.
O-Otome-chan...
T-that's not true!
Otome-chan's hand...
...it's very cold.
Eh? Tetsuro-san!
I'm not wanted?
In that case, is my hand... warm?
Certainly, it was very cold.
I would like to take a small detour.
Yes.
Eh?
Just what do you mean?
In her own room.
Damage to the body is less severe than expected, isn't it?
No... it's all thanks to that person's efforts. sekken 
...washed away. oshinawareteiku 
Tetsuro.
There's no real need for you to feel sorry.
Sakuya-san knows it as well.
To get lots of energy, meat is very important. Here!
Ahh... Say, I'm hungry!
Hifumi!
I'm glad...
...the not yet backed up memories, from this morning until now when she opened her eyes...
It'd nice if this dog could live here...
Grasp it with your hand
Next time...
Power UpReady to Fight
Power at full throttle and ready to fight.
I fall on the stairs. "Owww..." ... and smile bitterly.
It's beating so fast. Oh no! It's out of control!
Let's go!
Boring, isn't it?
Ugh... this coffee is cold already.
We want to go!
I... am so useless.
...I know exactly what to do from now on!
Punishing Squadron...
Help us...
...help!!
Stand up, Burusera Mask.
Justice starts with aesthetics.
The hot-blooded squadron, Kino Rangers.
Here's some juice.
A crybaby?
I always had to be saved...
...Akio-chan's hand...
That Burusera Mask guy...
...this is the worst possible scenario.
Damn, that Burusera Mask...
...underestimating us...
Celonius Mark 19...
Alright!
He'll be defeated at the hands of our Ojou-sama squadron, Gokou Five!
Following the emergency rules, all non-combatants must evacuate to the basement.
Alright!
Even if you ask me...
That's just reckless!
Akio-chan!
Inside the heart, your heart!
...to serve justice!
Akio-chan!
...is indeed very strong.
...it's like you're a real superhero!
Even then...
At that time, I think I'll know...
Akio-chan.
I knew that the current Tetsuro-san...
The lost memories...
It's beating so fast! Oh No! It's out of control!
Tetsuro...
Tsukuyomi-san, you need to situate yourself with all the swimsuit gals.
I'm not gonna hold anything back!
A beauty with a nice body, making her very popular
Hmm?
Tetsuro...
You don't need to push yourself to participate.
It's alright.
It's my fault to begin with.
Sorry.
Tetsuro...
The first round will be "Chitty Chitty! Go Go in Swimsuit! Get Tetsuro".
Go!
Hohohoho
Tanaka Tetsuro
We will tear them down into pieces!
Let us return the favor from the previous water match!
Alright! Then I'll have to...
What, what?
Koi Koi...
I bet it's something stupid.
"Click" it goes!
Incomprehensible.
Exactly.
What is this!?
What could that be?
Cavalry Battle!
All fire at will!
Why is Celonius Mk. 28 registered as a student at Gokou Academy?
You've finally smiled for me, Tsukuyomi-san.
Tsukuyomi Miyabi-san!
Why... am I the champion?
Then I can not hand you the cash prize if 1 million yen, either!
Geez.
That will just be a wasted effort.
Waaa!
My hair can be fixed in no time, so...
Please make it come true:
Sorry, Tetsuro.
I fall down the stairs, "Owww!" and smile bitterly.
I cannot accept a story like this.
"International Anime Carnival".
It's definitely not fine!
Not only my responsibility, but my management skills will be questioned as well.
All thanks to some show offs making their wealth and power speak...
Sakuya... You haven't forgotten that you're the production manager, have you?
So we're all empty handed.
Oh-hoho...
Hm?
Well, let's forget about Higashikazuno's policy in this case.
Also, this will affect what happens to your flunked grade as well.
One week will not be enough for the hapless Kazamatsuri-san.
Hehehe...
I' m awake, I'm awaake!!
We can finally start drawing again.
Paint this color here...
Here, I brought the final draft.
Until the mission is complete, you have no freedom!
Aghhh!?
The trigger of this gun is really light.
Huh?
I'm burnt...
Mind your own business.
Heh, I finally got this far.
I'm relieved.
Here you go.
The developing is finished.
Now I'm done with all of 'em. I'm saved...
That can't be....
If so, she should've arrived long ago.
Here she comes.
What's the deal? For you to actually call me out here...
Sakuya.
It's ecchi!
Hehh!?
Grasp it with your hand
These vast feelings...
Megalo! Mega Love! Ready To Fight, Let's Go!
Super Love!
My beautiful younger sister.
There's no doubt about it.
Umm, I think I'll take my farewell...
I won't let you get away!
The beautiful maidens once again walkthrough the tall gate with innocent smiles like angels.
A uniform of light colors envelops their pure mind and body, walking slowly so that the pleats of their skirts aren't ruined,
Not really...
Well, Tetsuko-san? Wonderful, isn't it?
Tetsuko-san, your smile is splendid.
Higashikazuno-san.
Yes,
Here you are, Tetsuko-san.
Tetsuko-san!
WHY YOU!!
A friendly person directed me.
Am I not good enough for you?
I...
I've been watching you...
Oh, Tetsuko-san...
That's amazing!
I learned a lot.
Of course we did.
For you to invite me, Tetsuko-san...
Higashikazuno-san...
I'm sorry.
Yes, extremely hurt.
Today we settle this!
Today is the day that my GunMon smashes you flat!
Ara!
OK!
On the opposite shore where you stand...
Are all searching for a shore to land
We all discover the first morning through a thousand nights
Please make it come true:
Maximum power, Ready To Fight, Let's Go!
For you, I'm not going to lose! All Right!
or that she had the same name as Yayoi-chan.
Aren't you hungry?
Tetsuro!
Come with me.
Why do I have to wear it?
Incomprehensible.
What about Akiyo-chan or Hifumi-chan... or Tsukuyomi-chan?
Burning Blood Team Kino Ranger is here!
No, let's go to the one over there together!
Then the records of Celonius 28 transferring to this school are...
But if there are no indication that Celonius moved on their own...
It won't accept my commands!
Oh no!
Welcome, onii-chan, please relax.
Power outage?
Come on, let's go?
Yes!
She's the girl in black who told me where you were earlier!
Yes. Understood.
"Onii-chan", huh?
Tetsuro-san!
Don't look!
DON'T LOOK!
Why?
I can't.
I'll do my best.
In other words,
She's not like you guys.
She was only one part of a monitoringdefense system that covered the entire planet.
Shut up! Don't try to stop me!
Why did you make Celonius 28 go out of control?
No!
Why do you cover her?
Out of the way!
Nice to meet you.
A bad image comes to mind,
Super Love, Hyper Girl, the door of dreams
I'm going crazy!
What is it?
Where did you go?
To protect everybody's heart,
defeat evil for the sake of those precious to you!
The greatest of the Super Ranger shows, it's combination of surrealism and pop brings together everyone from:
to fully grown friends,
Hey, can you see something interesting?
Onee-chan, what are you doing?
It's almost done, so wait a bit.
Hey, hey.
Morning.
It's true that it might not be good for Gantai-chan's education...
No.
Hey hey, Onee-chan.
We're not sisters.
I see...
Wanna fight?
You mean Poophead Kazura-sama?
I don't like the big forehead lady!
And what is your opinion?
And that won't mean that it will end up being too late, will it?
Gantai-chan?
No, stay back!
Gantai-chan!
Let's go back to Anoyoroshisou... everybody's worried.
Hey, Gantai-chan!
Onii-chan, and then...
While he still got Asuka-san!
And of course, you're not a lolicon either right?
Grasp it with your hand
Whatever thoughts and whatever wishes...
Are all searching for a shore to land
A gentle refreshing wind envelops me,
Come On And Ready go!
...one can deduce that the satellite has an approximate speed of 7.9 kms. Very well done.
Mia-sama. Is being silent like this okay?
Just shut up!
What's with that displeased irritated attitude?
Ah, Tetsuko-san. Where could you be right now?
That Hifumi... I wonder if she's going to be okay?
It's best if we get prepared.
Akio... Gantai...
Gantai-chan...
Ow ow...
Tetsuro-san, are you okay?
But don't worry!
Just calm down a bit! This is the worst, jeez!
it was just unfortunate circumstances....
Tetsuro-kun, you...
Over there.
Ah.
Then how will she notify Akio where it is!?
What is this...?
No matter how much you yell, it is useless! Useless!
This is a soundproof room. It doesn't let any voices out!
If you want to call out for help, go ahead and try!
Um...
... You left it open when the new machine came in.
Eh, Akio?
Oh my...
It looks like shes back to the normal Hifumi after all.
On the opposite shore where you stand...
Strike a pose, Ready To Fight, Let's Go!
What is it, Tetsuko-san?
This must be the Kamakura festival!
That dirty girl! Kidnapping Gantai just to call us out here!
Obviously with her under my guidance, her education will be far better off.
That snooty know-it-all! I'm really going to tell her off.
This is???
What exactly do you mean, Otome?
That might actually work.
Tetsuro-san, what's wrong?
Tetsuro-san is already at that age, that's why...
Hey you! What are you doing?!
Desu.
Hear it!
Take this!
If you won't forgive me, what are you going to do about it?
Even if it means the destruction of the world?
When the moment draws near, make us some extra time.
I know this is getting old, but we are inside Cattleya Castle, right?
Something is drawing near.
Stick out your rear some more.
The process he was cultivating is maturing.
What lies hidden here is the time-space oscillator archetype.
I am not putting the blame on you at all.
On the other side of that door is where Gantai is being held.
Fifth Conference Room
Nevertheless, it's fine now.
If Mia-sama is going to leave, then I will also leave this place behind!
We are always moving together with Mia-sama as one bodyaru!
Even if it's to the ends of the earth, Mia-sama is who we will follow!
All of you?
Yes! Mia-sama!
Mia-sama.
What is it, Lady Hexokazura?
It will become such a battle that our own lives will be on the line.
I fall down the stairs, "Owww!" and smile bitterly.
Dazzling and brilliant,
For you, I'm not going to lose! All Right!
Episode 12 Earth shattering?? With the world in the balance, what will you two bet on together? Desu
So I could be useful to him, is what I thought.
The process he was cultivating is maturing.
My expectations were naive.
The children still do not know their importance in this matter.
Come, time to wake up both of you.
This Goukou Academy's--
Go now, Kazuko!
Invincible Cannonaru yo!
Just the two of us?
File Deleted
That man is...!
All the toys that I made long ago, just like that.
Any more of this aggression will result in nothing but future resistance.
Computer Room
Scarydesu! She's maddesu!
An energy surge has been confirmed in the space-time oscillator.
What is this?
What's happening here???
What does it mean, his arrival already?
Why? This is just absolutely weird!
Everybody, calm down a bit.
My legs are always slow.
It must be rough on you too.
It was suffocating.
Could you please bring our princess here about now?
Well then, I plan to have HexoKazura create a small diversion.
Give back Yayoi-chan!
Also, they have said they will return Yayoi-san unharmed as soon their task is done.
We have to go save Yayoi-chan!
Time-space oscillator systems have all synchronized.
Please show me the land in which you were born!
Raise and spin it higher, the circus of your dreams
Please make it come true:
"My! It's tough..."
I knew the southern islands would be the best.
When it glides so smoothly, it feels good touching like this.
...they are so troublesome.
Otome?
Meeting you here is one in a million.
Hifumi, OK!
What are you talking about? This island is my Higashikazuno corporation's new property venture.
Over theredesu!
Excuse me. I'm sorry to interrupt your discussion but...
Will Otome-oneechan be alright?
Akio.
It ran away?
Kind of like Otome-chan's S.O.S.?
It seems like they somehow know where Otome-chan is, right.
Don't worry Yamada-san. Aren't I with you?
Higashikazuno Mia-sama, banzai!
No problemdesu!
This is!
Why is there a hotspring here?
Hey there! Splashing in the hotsprings is bad manners!
Ooohhh myyyy G---!
That is indeed troubling.
Tetsuro-san's mother.
Gokou machine, all units, assembly complete!
I already said that I was the owner of this island.
Take this, take this, take this!
Don't think this time will be like the other useless attempts.
That looks like a real headache-inducing weapon.
Grasp it with your hand.
Whatever thoughts and whatever wishes...
The End
megaro megaravu Ready to Fight!
Power Up zenkai Ready to Fight!
"maa! taihen nee..."
C'mon Ready go!
Sorry... could we talk with you for a moment?
Then, the answer to this equation we got earlier...
A dog, isn't it?
Thank you.
The bath is ready...
Well, since it's a favour from you...
...I'll quickly make use of it then,
Eh... my panties and bra are also soaked.
Te-tsu-ro...
Eh? But you're not wet at all.
...feel that she has a problem.
I...
Ah, I forgot to cross.
Why was a middle schooler here at highschool?
Ah... I was just...
Is that so?
That is...
Okay.
Wait a minute, all of you!
Taking a break once in a while is necessary...
What is this? Just what is this?
...a tool meant to be used.
Tetsuro.
Unknown definition.
That Tetsuro guy hasn't come back yet?
I haven't done anything!
Not normal... what do you mean?
Just what do you mean?
If anything has happened to Otome... I won't forgive you!
Tetsuro-san...
These are...
...records. kiroku 
Otome...
In this dormitory... holding pets should be forbidden...
Why is there a dog here?
I do not believe that dogs are very suitable as food.
As I said, it's a joke.
I'm glad...
...and if we don't keep backing up her memories, they'll be lost.
...all of these memories are lost.
E-eh... Ah... O-Otome-chan... W-wait.
It's just that...
No! I want to do it too!
motto takaku maware kimi no saakasu
High above, turning, your circus
The victory is in our hand!
Next time...
You should rest when you're sick.
It's 'that'.
That's right.
Lose, and we have nowhere to return.
It is a bridge to the future...
I guess we got no choice but to do it then.
Come to think about it, Tsukuyomi-san is not here.
There she is. Found her right away.
Is your cold really okay?
It's my fault to begin with.
Tetsuro.
Now, it is finally time for the beautiful goddesses to be judged.
Tanaka Tetsuro
Say, Satou-san...
You know...
The physical struggle between the bikini babes has begun!
What will happen!?
What are we supposed to do?
What is this!?
Celonius Mk. 281!
I'm okay somehow.
That hurt...
Se-ve-n
Wow, it's high
It's amazing
With the idea coming from that big head...
If you have the confidence to rule this competition...
No need for questions!
This ain't fair!
She looks like she's in pain, so can you please let her rest?
Armored Poophead Kazura has arrived!
Missiles...
Why?
There is no need to worry.
Tsukuyomi-san, you should be concerned...
Announcing the results!
Incomprehensible.
Tsukuyomi-san will recieve a cash prize of 1 million yen...
Give me a freakin' break!
We can all still repair the Anoyoroshisou!
Sorry, everybody.
Waait!!
Whaa!?
A-are you okay, Yayoi-chan?
I'm not really...
Oh.
Sorry, Tetsuro.
Punish me...
Can't be...
The anime that we've been making for Sankou-sai...
H-hehe...
Heh. So, that's how it goes...
If it turns out to be an awful anime...
Please quickly bring back as many layouts as possible!
Ah, is that so?
Huh?
Well, I told you guys.
Keep up the good work, please
You don't need to get that mad.
You just said one week, right?
To say something incapable of doing.
He-heh... one week.
I love ya, bicycle!
Color... and color like crazy!
All right!
Take a long rest.
Impossible.
Momma...
But, Sakuya san.
Sakuya-san!
Well done.
Sigh.
Miyabi!
You're almost there.
Please keep it up.
If so, she should've arrived long ago.
Sakuya-san!
Sakuya.
I mean, it's about scratching my flunked grade.
Forget about it.
For you, happy days of review sessions are waiting.
I...
iSTORM OF WHITE LILIES. AAH, HOW BEAUTIFUL YOU ARE! I THINK OF YOU FROM FAR AWAY
Everyone, come on!
Yes?
YOU PERVERT!
What's this pounding in my heart?
My beafiful transfer student...
Tetsuko Nakata.
You can call me "Onee-sama".
Goukou this is an academy of maidens.
This is the Higashikazuno-use-only cafeteria.
My smile is splendid?
Master.
Looking for somebody?
You always need to take good care of your appearance.
Yayoi-chan!
A friendly person directed me.
I wasn't... even allowed to touch you.
What do you intend to do?
It's hot.
That's amazing!
Ah, pass that lipstick, would ya?
No, no, not at all.
What are you doing dressed like that?
More importantly, where'd you get that ribbon?
Higashikazuno-san exchanged it with me.
What's wrong, everyone?
That's a proof of friendship at this school.
You know, when you took it, I was really happy.
No...
I don't care about the ribbon now!
Higashikazuno-san?
Come, quickly.
But...
Mia-sama, it's time to prepare for our plan.
The system... speakers are going crazy!
Anyway we're saved.
Remember that, Tetsuro.
Yes, of course.
Aren't you hungry?
Come with me.
I've heard nothing of this.
He insisted that he knew nothing.
But if there are no indication that Celonius moved on their own...
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
It suits you well.
But my work...
Come on, let's go?
Then you knew it was me, and kissed me...
Tetsuro-san!!
Tetsuro-san!
But anyway Yayoi-chan, I'm amazed you found me here.
This is that person!
Nice to meet you, Asuka Yayoi-san!
Yes, let's get along!
Asuka-san, can I speak with you for a minute?
Wait, you're a girl Tetsuko-chan.
Now then, let's begin the recital!
Welcome back, Onii-chan.
Another Asuka Yayoi?
Then you aren't human are you?
You and I should be the same!
Why are you doing this?
That eye...
Why?
Somethings welling up from the depths of my body... what is this?
Even if she possesses a will of her own,
Tetsuro, I just want to be with you.
There's no need for two Asuka Yayoi's.
If she's Asuka Yayoi.
Did you play with her feelings?
No!
Tetsuro...
I'm Asuka Yayoi too!
I'm Tetsuro.
Tanaka Tetsuro.
Everyone who wishes to participate in the folk dance, please head to the front of the school.
Kino Ranger!
Gantai-chan?
Onee-chan, what are you doing?
Don't be so harsh.
Gantai-chan's living with us starting today!
Fire Extinguisher
Ryouko? What about her?
Lost?
Can we have a moment?
Actually, we have a request of you.
Do I have to help a tiny little brat like this?
Don't draw on my forehead!
Miya-sama, calm down! Calm down!
Yes.
Do as you like.
Gantai-chan!
It's not fun at all being with the Onee-chans.
What's a lolicon?
Hey, by the way, what's your name?
Really, really...
I see.
Yamada-san named him.
Anyway Onii-chan, about that lady I told you about, she's really strange...
You can't leave without telling anybody!
A gentle refreshing wind envelops me,
Yes, very well done... Most likely.
Mia-sama. Please listen. If it continues on like this, people will misunderstand.
Ha ha! Amusing!
No, don't look!
Are you okay? Hifumi-chan? Tetsuro-san?
Sorry to keep you...
And if you hear that shriek, your personality will start to change. Eventually you will lose all your memories.
What about it? Are you saying that it is my fault?
You know, I can still feel the chalkdust stuck way up in my nose!
Photography Room
It has to be since Akio is not around, you're feeling lonely?
Hifumi... You?
Well there, what seems to be the matter, Inokai-san?
My, what exactly is going on here? Acting childish might seem like being a failure?
It can't be!
Ok, cheese!
Somebody...
Somebody save me!
We are going to run with this feeling!
What is this?
But why in the world am I here?
Everything will be done, just for Mia-sama!
Come forth, the final battle blitz!
Yoji, don't just leave your slippers like that.
So, what do we do?
The butterbur.
Yeah, let's.
Sorry.
I grew up in the mountains, after all.
It's just an hour by car.
So... You want to break up?
Well, if you say so.
Huh?
Fighting?!
Yeah, they collide and fight.
I...
It's too rough.
And these are yours.
You know the phone straps from last week?
Yeah, she did.
So you can't just go around telling people about it!
What's your problem?!
I've just never had a proper look.
What?
You like... what?
Figure it out!
Don't complain!
Wow.
Maybe I shouldn't have told her.
All right, the next hour is free time.
Hey, Aoi.
And I have someone else I'm interested in.
Huh?
I'm happy that I'm his girlfriend now,
Maybe it really was better not to tell him.
What's wrong?
is in love with Aoi!
I love you as well!
This thing's one of the largest in Japan, right?
Just this once!
I just happened to...
Sorry.
What?!
Look, there's something there!
Right, that thing.
Hey, wait up!
Come on! Pick up the pace already!
She's from the general affairs department.
Don't go back to sleep!
Will you go out with me?
Good morning, Morishita-san.
Oh my, Yuu-chan, did you do something wrong that warranted scolding again?
I didn't do anything.
a.k.a. "Ametako Mk. 3," turned on!
Non-chan, are you all right?
Yes, I proudly present these Umachin-brand snacks.the "Yes," is a little before this line appears. Not sure if it matters much to you guys
Excuse me.
Let us begin with number one, as usual.
Don't worry, it's just me being picky.
You don't seem all that sympathetic.
Yeah.
Big news! Big news, everyone!
What?
might get disbanded!
Yup.
W-Well, I suppose that's fine.
There's also the urethane cast used for mass production, and the table used for the booth
She has big boobs!
She's serious about things like that.
Hazuki-sensei, do you know the finance commissioner?
What?
She's like, so organized and perfect, you know?
Wh-What the hell?
A student council president shouldn't be masked.
but it's the thought that counts.
Oh, yes! My apologies!
I'm sorry. Are you hurt?
By the way, weren't you in a hurry?
All right.
Will you fight with us, Michiru?
Me?!
More like they're just dumping the hard work on me.
What?!
Do it.
They're beautiful! Thank you.
Yes, of course!
And you do now?
Even though it's so close?
I'm trying to find the person I'm destined to be with, so don't get in my way.
It's Sunday, but we still have a club meeting!
This is the Finance Commissioner's manifesto?
So our only way out is for Ooshima to become the Student Council President and reject the bill, right?
Oh, Matsuri-san!
You don't have to be so apologetic.
I am sincerely sorry.
This is important, so one more time.
I'm honored you understand.
See you.
Yuuki-senpai is quitting? What is this about?
You know...
Let's see...
Do you have a club meeting, too?
You should hurry!
I'm coming across a lot of pretty girls today.
Answer me!
What is this about?
Ouch!
You still won't run?
But that means the club will be disbanded.
I suppose that'd be fine, too.
You could at least show some sympathy!
Jeez, what's Yuuki thinking? How could he disobey me, the club president?
You're making it sound like we broke up.
reconsider her decision to disband our club when she sees this wonderful machine!
The club will disband if I don't run, huh?
You say it so easily.
The probability of someone who doesn't enter the race not winning is 100.
We're covered in Neroneronerone because you didn't come.
Do you have something in mind?
When we're actually voting...
All we've done is eat snacks obtained using our club funds and chat.
But it's through the Food Club that I came to meet all of you.
No matter what anyone else says, this is an important place for me.
Everyone, please vote for someone who can really win the election.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
Hey.
My candidacy form has been filed!
Well then, let's get into campaign mode!
By...
All of those are just distributing favors.
The problem is that we don't have any know-how on campaigning.
Of course. Non-chan is a senior.
Yeah... I guess.
Right.
The Public Safety Commission
does not wish to relinquish the position to either Finance or General Affairs.
So, if an independent like Yuuki is elected president,
Basically, if we show we're against the club reforms,
We know that we can't do this on our own.
But what do you mean by "cooperate"?
That being the case, we can't lend you any of our members.
What are you saying? We don't have to ask, right?
We don't need to make any rash promises.
And if you begin to trust us somewhere down the line, we'll extend the contract.
Sarue-san, I look forward to working with you.
Non-chan, let's win this thing.
Yes.
Let's work together.
I would never.
It is not necessary for you to place first in the primaries.
So first, Oojima-kun, please visit the clubs faced with budget cuts and ask for their support.
He's a pro. An campaign pro.
You guys...
We'll be fighting against people that have the support of
T-That could pose a problem.
This and this is...
Of course not. I wouldn't let my private life influence my public duty.
Your mother must be so proud.
You didn't tell me you were friends with the Finance Commissioner!
What's going on between you two? Tell me! Tell me!
It's so good! I haven't tasted your cooking in two weeks.
Food prepared by other people sure is delicious.
so I'll be careful to not get on your bad side.
I'd be very grateful for that.
You know how there are both sweet, sugary snacks
But sometimes there are snacks that have both sugar and salt,
The fact that you're going for it is amazing enough!
The factory's closed today,
Are they your classmates?
It's fine.
Um, do I really stink?
Th-Then...
receive campaign funds from the school.
Then you'll have to go with the second option.
Oojima Roll?
Oh? It does sound appetizing.
To raise at least 30,000 yen, I'd need to make 50 rolls.
These are things we handed out last year.
I see.
If they aren't worth anything, people won't accept them, even if they're free.
How many do you need?
Just to be safe, take it to the Election Administration Committee for approval.
How much do they cost?
People might take it the wrong way if they fall off, so we have to stick them on firmly.
She thought this might happen and developed this helper machine, Harihari-kun!
Are you telling us to eat mist or something?
Playing air chicken this time?
Never come back again! Go! Go!
How many more?
I need to continue conducting investigations.
But it's undeniable that there are many clubs with questionable activities.
You're too strict on yourself.
You might have focused too much on the club disbanding and overlooked the rest,
Will I be able to get it all done today?
Come with us for a sec.
I still have work to do.
Aomi-san!
I'm fine!
Something other than bread crust!
Can you handle it, Mifuyu?
There's no place in her heart for you!
One thing led to another and...
I wonder.
It's thanks to Chisato that I can be here today, having fun.
I'll do my best to save the Food Club she holds so dearly.
I don't think a year would make a difference there...
I'm currently compiling a directory of presidential candidates,
So it's Ooshima...
You're still calling me Ooshima!
That's the most important thing for the election!
"Don't just skip the rest!"
That wasn't the message!
Yeah, I just finished...
Well, we should be able to make it.
Hey!
Good morning, everybody!
Yuu-chan, my junior, do you know what an "angels' share" is?
It's the portion of alcohol that naturally evaporates in the aging barrel, isn't it?
There aren't any here for you today, Non-chan.
Yes, I am.
What did you come here for?
I'm lonely!JESUS TAPDANCING CHRIST SHE WANTS THE DICK
That again?
It's an amazing coincidence that
Right! I'll be giving it my all!
No running!
You're the one who made that backroom deal!
Please vote for Yuu-chan, or Oojima Yuuki!
Please line up here!
Snakes and crabs, two each.
The super popular Oojima Roll is now on sale!
That makes it worth 300 yen?
You look way too happy about this!
This is all to collect campaign funds!
Anyway, open up!
He's a tsundere!
Yuu-kun!
Here you go.
Thank you, Mii-chan!
However...
Good work!
Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks.
Whoa! My belly fat started going all wobbly!
Those interested should come to the EAC office located below the stage.
Should that happen, I'll be there to guide you.
I need to get this to Yuu-kun!
Oojima Yuuki will begin his speech shortly.
Mifuyu?
However, I urge you to consider the following:
The Finance Commission, which blindly passed shady budgets,
You can say that again! You're the man for the job!
She's got a big mouth.
What is this?
We can't!
It's Jima! Make sure you get it right!
Don't worry about it.
Yes, really! You were amazing, Yuu-kun.
What are you even talking about?
Yes. I am at Mr. Oojima's campaign office.
That's eight percent of the votes.
That's 0.1 percent less than last time.
She was trying to appeal to voters with claims of being
With 94.4 percent of the votes counted,
Now let's connect to the Oojima campaign office.
Reporter Shiohama!
Shirakawa Ayame has 9.9 percent of the votes so far.
An update!
Let's celebrate!
We'll make good use of this money!
Hooray.
Hooray!
It takes a lot to scare us!
Starchy carbohydrates are made of glucose molecules stuck together.
Next time, Episode 7: Camp!
However, we shouldn't give up just because the odds are against us.
It's so overwhelming, though.
I think there are a lot of people who gave him the vote just for fun, though.
Precisely.
He's a complete outsider.
We should come up with a really catchy slogan.
Man, that guy's a pro!
He must be popular!
Not... your little brother.
Th-Thanks.
If you're all right now, get back to work.
I'll do the dishes, so you guys go relax.
You can't keep your little brothers waiting.
Hey, how did you open that door?
Well, I...
Don't you get it?
Don't you want to look at my naked body?
Nope! There's nobody here!
Why?!
He caught us arguing, Satsuki.
Hey, Yume, wake up!
It might be dangerous to go back to the club room.
Yuu-kun!
Hey, let's kiss!
Cheap-ass. Wanna drink together, then?
Shh!
It is!
Then let me ask you another question.
Tell me the truth.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that.
you can't leave her when she's dead drunk.
In the end, you care about my sister.
But I'm not in love with her, either.
Then I'll be going now.
Yes. That way you'll be able to stay here without feeling sorry.
They come in countless variations and vibrant colors.
Just kidding.
I told you that it was an accident!
Okay.
She did?
She went on like that until she left home.
U-Um...
Sorry, sorry.
I bet some dumb girl brought him into the building.
Recreation is an essential element of a camp!
Save me, Yuuki!
Wh-What are you talking about?
N-Nothing much. We were just playing some shogi.
I'm not going anywhere.
Wait, Chisato!
Why do you hate Shinonome-san so much?
Then do you hate your family?
No, it's not really...
so could you give me some time to get back to you?
You still have a lot to learn about love.
Stop.
I bet you're glad that I left.
Are you forfeiting the match?
I'll take him.
Pawn to 2F!
Rook to 8H.
I'll tell you a story so you don't get bored.
It bled a lot, too.
My mother is Rh negative.
had her uterus removed due to an illness.
he was already having an affair with the Satsuki's mother.
Many of his relatives pressured him to abandon his wife, who couldn't bear children,
We would have an authentic, blood-related family.
It'd be as though my late mother never existed in the first place.
That's why I'll never forgive that family.
You usually get cravings for sweets when you're thinking hard.
so the insulin secreted can decrease blood sugar levels too much
Are you okay?
Of course not!
I was so wrapped up in her story.
Yup, it's just as she says.
Hurry up before the other students start showing up!
Satsuki and I managed to resolve the bad blood between us.
Thank you.
Oh, I didn't do anything.
I'm grateful.
Waking up early was worth it!
You claimed this spot for us, Mii-chan?
I did. I can't do much manual labor, so this is one of the few things I can help with.
Shiohama-san!
Normal.
I want you to power the equipment!
It's all right. It's over now.
An anonymous source tipped off the Public Safety Commission that a financial aid student
It was later discovered that the tip-off was fake all along,
assigned by the school.
while the Food Club is getting shut down?
Is that what you really think?
Then why would you add a policy like that?
Don't go anywhere.
He has the potential to win this election.
Come on. Did I really have to spell it out for you?
He's not on our side, then.
The new approval ratings are out!
What's up with that data? Why is his approval rating so high among the girls?
I wonder if it's broken.
Huh?
It's okay...
Wait!
but strange.
Hey, Chisato?
Excuse me!
Y-Yeah. At least... one of us is.
It was my fault.
Liar.
Please eat it.
Because our President isn't coming?
is pretty personal.
Oojima, you knew how to fix it?
It wasn't too hard.
I don't know.
She gave it to me.
Kana!
Huh? Y-Yes.
We're not supporting you so that you can push for acceptance of your personal opinions.
Rest assured, Katahira-senpai.
Oh, yeah. On a related note...
That was the condition!
If you do, we'll remove your handcuffs.
You're ask about how much I know about Kana-san, right?
She owns the harmonica that Morishita-san carries around.
All right.
No, that doesn't answer the question!
Shocking, isn't it?
And Kana-san's been in a coma ever since?
Chisato?
Is something wrong?
I'm sure you'd be able to do it.
But you threw her aside.
It's actually pretty funny.
You got into a fight with Yuu-kun, huh?
Leave me alone!
Don't hold back on my account.
We will soon lose our position as ruling party.
Once that happens, we will be unable to continue her treatment.
If you could, Kana would...
I wanted to be forgiven.
Daiki couldn't even eat his favorite chocolate before he died because I was mean that day.
How do I look?
That's all I can tell you.
Did you tell Morishita-san about Kana-san?
This is truly unfortunate.
I'm sorry I put you through all this.
Kana is in Hatsushiba General Hospital! Hurry!
Excuse me, but I need you to come
Your harmonica broke, too.
I thought I could find you if I became an S-agent,
I thought Yakumo-senpai stopped supporting him.
What would you like to do?
Preparations for the ceremony are already
Reminds me of when we were smaller.
Come to the phone booth in front of the Takafuji school gate at 7 A.M. sharp.
Dammit. What the hell is...
Hello?
Looks like you're awake.
Dammit!
Next location.
Sorry for leaving you alone.
We'd never put Kana-chan in harem's way!
What place did we get?
...people will assume he ran away in fear of being questioned,
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
You're a mess!
It's nothing.
Oojima-kun, isn't today Election Day?
We prepared for cases like this and took the liberty of installing transmitters on all Food Club members.
Your smartphone, Kana?
However, he has yet to arrive.
I'm on it. Thank you, President!
You didn't listen to Katahira-senpai.
If the General Affairs Commission wins the election, the Katahira Faction will stay in power.
You're more important to me.
You're more important to me than anything else.
You're safe... I'm so happy...
You're shouldering everyone's hope.
Chisato...
But it's too late.
We just got a call saying that he's coming!
Please wait just a little longer!
All right!
Thank you for your patience.
Your speech time has expired.
I'm going to talk to myself.
Let's rack up those sympathy votes!
Yuuki.
All right, I'm off!
You're supposed to get up with your heart racing!
Too bad, Yuuki.
And my name is Oojima, not Ooshima.
People's names are important!
Non-chan left the switch on her latest invention,
So what do you think, Yuuki-senpai?
Well, how should I put this?
It's delicious!
Normal.Yeah it's different from the earlier translation. If anyone can get both lines parallel and have neither instance sound odd, then by all means
Yuuki-senpai putting my Yaoi Stick in his mouth.
Let's have a taste.
Let me get a quick drink first.
Oh. Worried over me drinking this early?
What?
Chairman.
The finance commissioner hasn't been elected yet.
even the preliminaries will be difficult to pass.
Whoa!
I'm sorry. Are you hurt?
By the way, weren't you in a hurry?
She must be a financial aid student.
There's no point. Even if we did, we can't possibly win
If Oojima will, I will too.
Who's going to run?
Do it.
They're beautiful! Thank you.
Next time, you'll be the one coming to our wedding!
Cut the nonsense, and wake up already!
What?!
Oh, Ooshima-kun!
Long time no see.
Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry!
Can I clarify one thing?
You're a funny person.
Where did you find it?
Thank you very much.
All we do is eat snacks, though.
Non-chan will die without Yuu-chan!
Oh, show me!
Maybe my luck for chance encounters is looking up!
Answer me!
No, I'm not.
so I figured that could be why.
I suppose that'd be fine, too.
But I gotta win too.
I don't think it's unreasonable.
What do you call the horses that win derbies?
That much is obvious.
Welcome back, Oojima Roll!
I had some time to think,
Do you have something in mind?
...it's not easy to decide.
and we would laugh and mess around. It was really fun.
Someone that all of us would want to support.
Stare.
Everyone, please vote for someone who can really win the election.
Fine.
Let's make posters first.
Vote... for...
Huh?
That's correct.
Our offer to help stems from a selfish reason.
Once the regime is handed over, it is difficult to get it back.
they'd be the ones getting those votes.
Non-chan actually knows a lot of people.
We know that we can't do this on our own.
The know-how?
The know-how of someone who has previously won.
Yes.
but don't involve my kids in your skirmishes.
No one would look at the manifesto of a bubbly candidate.
To do that, you should appeal the most salient policy in your campaign.
He's a pro. An campaign pro.
Hey, guys...
We'll be fighting against people that have the support of
T-That could pose a problem.
I want you two as the committee's President and Vice President.
This and this is...
All right, that's a relief.
If it turned out those kids of mine were in trouble because of me, I don't know what I'd do.
I must surpass you.
Jeez... Treat me preciously if I'm your property.
It doesn't start with "P," and you're more than "slightly" mistaken.
Huh? Is that Morishita-san?
I thought you were substituting it for meat.
Then how about dating me?
Yeah, yeah.
But I still don't get why I did something like that.
S-Stop that!
It's fine!
It's fine.
Th-Then...
I guarantee it!
What?
just to send out the dozens of telegrams for weddings and funerals every day.
We should try to get around 50,000 yen if possible.
Moreover, the group in charge of such investigations is...
So they started the bazaar as a way of raising funds.
Fluffy sponge and fluffy cream in complete harmony!
To raise at least 30,000 yen, I'd need to make 50 rolls.
So you're telling me to skip class?
Notice how all these goods have my name and picture on them?
If they aren't worth anything, people won't accept them, even if they're free.
Roger!
What a pair of monkeys.
We're not monkeys!
all of this will take ten hours for one person.
Sumiyoshi-san and Yumeshima-kun will come with me to help set up the booth.
So heavy.
These guys are running just so they can sell stuff, huh?
Aye, sir!
If you'll excuse me...
This is daunting.
In order to reduce these wasted resources,
The presidential election and my work are unrelated.
You're too strict on yourself.
I don't think the financial situation of
Yeah, I don't want to see another Yaoi Stick for a while.
Huh? That's the girl who ran into you the other day.
I'll do my best on writing the speech.
Let us know if it's too much.
Oh no!
You all get along so well.
This isn't a problem for you, is it?
Okay, that's two down.
I'm a year older than you, remember?
And that makes six done.
From the ramen ad with dancing cows.
That's all for the interview.
Thank you very much for your time.
"Please support my campaign."
Well, we should be able to make it.
The angel here for her share!
You really are a true-blue friend!
A blue bosom buddy!
Just a few more!
Sensei, you're a little too close.
That again?
Yuu-kun...
A financial aid student is assigned to each candidate for errands and the like.
I'm glad to be able to work with you!
That's...
She's so popular.
They're pretty good.
Tough to beat? This guy?
Wait, you didn't know?
Sorry about this. You're a lifesaver, Mii-chan.
You can count on me.
Done!
"Yuuki gently embraced Mifuyu,
Hm?
N-Not you, too!
What the hell is this?
We sold them for 1,000 yen each, special requests included.
I'm counting on you guys!
This is so hot!
I'm prepared to take requests for this page if it's for the campaign.
O-Okay.
You should follow the path that you believe in.
However?
Snacks are delicious, but they can be scary when you have to watch your weight!
Far be it from me to stop you.What's wrong with his face?
However, you might find yourself at a dead end.
Pardon us.
If you elect me as Student Council President, I'll examine every detail of the budget
While the President makes the final approval,
Never!
The Finance Commission, which blindly passed shady budgets,
Ms. Shinonome Satsuki, you're on next.
Huh?
But the truth is that both the receipts and expenditures are extremely unbalanced right now.
Not only does she have wonderful and genuine policies that consider
both the school and student body,it's a 3 liner this should be shortened there isn't any pause in his speech so it'd look awkward to split
Yes, to maintain this high degree of autonomy in the long run,
"This wish is closest to my heart."
I am determined to make bold changes!
Please get ready to go on, Mr. Oojima.
your votes!
and ended up improvisi
Yes, really! You were amazing, Yuu-kun.
Now reporting live from the Food Club room, Mr. Oojima's campaign office,
Oojima-senpai, you're in third place right now!
...so he won't make it at this rate!
This gets updated every 100 votes, right?
Another update came in!
That's 0.1 percent less than last time.
you have 571 votes.
This is crazy!
With the qualification requirement at 604,
That means you're qualified!
I'm getting drunk tonight!
What's up?
Is that...
Hooray!
It seems she received some of the Public Safety Commission votes.
I pray that all those calories go to my boobs!
You were already aware, but didn't want to think about it, right?
My 600 are iron votes?
You can easily get those 3,000 votes if you sway the voters.
...but how exactly do you sway them?
Precisely.
That could really sway the voters!
Your little brothers?! That's Yuuki!
What?
That's great. Let me put a band-aid on it.
Thanks for the food!
So? How did it taste?
Look at me.
Well, I...
Why are you here?
Nope! There's nobody here!
Then I'm coming in.
Seriously... I can't even get any peace and quiet in the bath?
It's our fault for talking in a place like this.
Oh, you two are pretty close, aren't you?
I knew I should've brought it.
Oh, I know. Could you become my pillow?
Hey, Yume, wake up!
It might be dangerous to go back to the club room.
Hey, let's kiss!
I can't go back!
Get him!
No, not that we know of.
Sorry for disturbing you.
Shinonome-san...
I'm sorry my sister dragged you into this mess.
I knew it.
What's that supposed to mean?
I wouldn't go so far as to say that.
Yes. I understand why you care about her more than a normal student would.
you can't leave her when she's dead drunk.
As promised, I'll let tonight's incident slide.
You're so hard.
Are you sure about that?
But you two kissed, right?
Kissjima-kun!
Yeah, I'll ask Sensei about it when I have a chance.
Um...
Gotcha.
It's time for some recreation!
Recreation?
Recreation is an essential element of a camp!
We'll be doing a standard...
Test of courage?
"Bakeru-kun!"
I know it was you!
Um... Well, yeah.
Looks like we caught up to you.
Wait, Chisato!
Hm?
Well...
Stop it!
You're still going?
Still think you can win?
What's wrong? Where'd all that spirit go?
What's going on here?
She's thinking hard about her next move.
A story?
I have Rh negative blood.
Can you guess who it was?
Long before I was born, my late mother
That's just...
But I can only remember her showering me with love.
I found out by accident when a drunk relative let it slip.
So I left.
If I accepted the truth about our family...
No one's blaming you, Satsuki.
I'm so sorry.
Prepare to hand the tasks over to him and keep an eye on the Katahira Faction.
Daiki, wake up. Come on.
As we know from our experience, the ruling party has the advantage in an election.
That's not the candidate's job!
We're understaffed!
You always do things like this!
That match was mine!
Yeah.
When I played out the game again at home,
She must've started talking about the past to distract me!
Is she helping you with the election campaign?
Yup, it's just as she says.
Hurry up before the other students start showing up!
Sorry. Something came up on the way over.
Attention, everyone!
Wait!
Th-Thanks.
Stop it! Please!
Your student IDs, please.
Student code section seven, relationships with other students, item two:
One time, a financial aid student in my class
and even disclosed the suspect's name despite a lack of evidence.
President Mouri recently returned as the Public Safety Commissioner
Things calmed down a bit after President Mouri returned,
but the Public Safety Commission has never really cracked down on financial aid student harassment.
What you saw earlier is a rarity.
Oojima-senpai.
Let me hear your story later.
Right?
We need to bring attention to this issue as soon as we can!
Or is it because Isara is a financial aid student?
What's wrong with you, Chisato?
He has the potential to win this election.
You're still not getting it.
So he won't be our puppet!
He might institute policies that leave the Public Safety Commission at a disadvantage.
What's up with that data? Why is his approval rating so high among the girls?
I'm sure they found Yuu-kun charming.
Huh?
What's "not what I think"?
Well, um, you know...
The vast array of flavors amazes me.
Yaoemon.
Eat it.
Wait up!
How is it? Is it good?
I don't want it.
Huh?
Don't disappear!
Oh, if it isn't Sacchan.
Is it true that Oojima was involved in an accident?
Sorry, Chisato. I really am.
Please.
Liar, liar, liar, liar...
So you should be the one to eat it, not me!
Welcome back.
Things are looking pretty good for us!
Half?
Sorry. I took it with me by mistake after accident.
She went missing?
She asked me for advice yesterday, and there's more I'd like to discuss.
Advice? On what?
Huh? Y-Yes.
Okay, don't worry about a thing.
Rest assured, Katahira-senpai.
I was in a small car accident.
Hey, it's not that big of a deal.
Excuse me, Haida-san.
What's the meaning of this?!
This was a legitimate deal!
A dead end?
What business do you have with her?
Enough.
Untasty snacks.
She is currently receiving treatment at a hospital
Nothing?
I don't care about the Food Club.
I don't care.
Leave me alone!
But you don't eat chocolate...
What happened to the missing halves?
No!
Chisato, aren't you in love with Yuu-kun?
But then I met you.
Daiki couldn't even eat his favorite chocolate before he died because I was mean that day.
But do you think Daiki-kun wants you to suffer because of that?
Oojima?
I may need to dispose of you.
Kana!
Find Morishita Michiru immediately.
Beats me.
What?! You can't make it?!
Congratulations on your marriage!
What's up?
According to a recent poll, 50 of people surveyed like Western sweets,
Everyone does?
Just keep your mouth shut and do as I say.
It looks like... an expos article on Yuuki-senpai.
Hello?
Look under the telephone.
You can trust us, you know.
to help them in emergencies, provided that they overlook it.
If Oojima-senpai never shows up...
Did you get into a fight or something?
It's okay.
He doesn't look "okay" at all.
This is bad! Yuu-kun was seen near Asaoka Academy!
Oojima-kun and Sumiyoshi-san are missing,
Do you think...
Please locate those two.
That's not a problem.
Thank you for your time.
This is how an election works.
Sumiyoshi-san is being held in the storage vault of the Lock Gate.
I jacked your line.
I hereby place you under arrest.
But... I came here for you...
You're shouldering everyone's hope.
Don't concern yourself with that.
Yeah!
Where do you think you're touching me?!
All right!
You're out of time!
An election is an important event that decides the future of the school.
President Mouri?!
Raising campaign funds, creating a positive image for myself,
It was more important to prey upon
and there's one thing I've come to realize.
And that's the fact that I love all of you!
I love this school and all of its students!
That's enough for me.
It's even more fun to watch this change color!
You're right.
Me, too. I told him everything.
Like what?
I suck at cooking. I know.
a big party to celebrate saving the Food Club.
I did my part as a team member.
It's hard to mess those up.
I'm not just a member of your club. I'm also the student council vice president!
It's only natural that I'm concerned about student council affairs.
What? You know them, Shinonome-san?
our school uniforms?
Oh, I was teaching Chisato how to make cooki
Pukojima-kun has student council business to attend to, so he has no time to fool around!
I don't think I've ever seen you worked up over something like this, Sacchin.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but...
I really can't afford to lose.
All righty, then.
So what do you want to make, Sacchin?
Okay, now take the hotcake mix and...
I knew you could do it!
This is starting to...
Knead, knead...
Knead it to death, yay!
It's adorable!
Are you two okay?
Chii-chan's team made homemade cookies!
He can try yours first.
What?
What makes you say that? Not feeling confident?
I made it for the party tomorrow,
So who's going first?
Think of all the effort you put into making these sweets!
Stop trying to weasel out of this!
Who'll go first? Eeeny, meeny, miny!
You bet!
I bet the other Food Club members will love these cookies, too!
Are you all right, Chii-chan?
Thanks!
I must admit I wasn't qualified to take part in this contest to begin with.
You're going too fast, Matsuri-chan.
What's the rush?
One, two!
Don't go back to sleep!
What did you say?!
Now it's too late.
Yeah.
You're here early today.
Normal.
Like hell I'll tell you!
When you go home, you have an all-you-can-eat supply of your company's snacks.
Nice one.
Well, how should I put this?
I'll try one too.
Hey!
This is white chocolate-flavored.
Oh. Worried over me drinking this early?
May I have the floor?
Shinonome!
W-Well, I suppose that's fine.
in the cultural festival held twice a year!
What?
You didn't know?
Seriously... Isn't that against the rules?
I agree.
I'm with you all the way.
Who's going to run?
Isn't it weird that the so-called "handmade" chocolates
There's no handmade feel to that.
Oh, you're still not gonna listen, huh?
All right, then.
Pain, pain, go away! Itai no itai no tondeikee Uchuu hate made tondeike
Now it's too late.
Yeah.
Normal.
Yes, I proudly present these Umachin-brand snacks.the "Yes," is a little before this line appears. Not sure if it matters much to you guys
Let get down to taste-testing these new Yaoi Sticks.
We got two great smiles.
Ouch, that hurt!
Thanks.
might get disbanded!
Disbanded?!
This is a huge problem!
She has big boobs!
She's like, so organized and perfect, you know?
Ah, then what should we do?
I'll lend you guys a hand too.
Sounds professional.
Next time, you'll be the one coming to our wedding!
It's not close. I can't reach it.
The Food Research Club is...
Jeez, they always push everything onto me.
I finally run into some girls, and it's Ayumu-san's group of all people.
So close!
Are you all right
Yes, I should be fine.
Huh?
I'm honored you understand.
Yuuki-senpai is quitting? What is this about?
I'm glad I found you.
I figured it belonged to you.
You saved me the trouble of replacing the lock.
I'm glad to hear that.
All we do is eat snacks, though.
Oh, no.
Don't worry about it.
Maybe my luck for chance encounters is looking up!
How did you know?
You have my support.
Your hand got dirty.
I should be the one saying thanks.
Why do you intend to disband the Food Club?
Is there something wrong with my reasoning?
You say it so easily.
The probability of someone who doesn't enter the race not winning is 100.
Welcome back, Oojima Roll!
An intra-club election?
I don't want to lose it.
I see, I see.
It convinced me that you'd do well if you run.
See you later!
Well, that's, um...
We're finally getting things in order.
but I can at least lend you some advice.
Wow! Yakkun long time no see!
Of course. Non-chan is a senior.
I've grown to exude the charms of a woman.
A-Are you serious?
Right.
A selfish reason?
Then it's another 200 votes...
but I hope you understand that garnering the aforementioned 400 votes is possible
That being the case, we can't lend you any of our members.
The know-how of someone who has previously won.
We don't need to make any rash promises.
Thank you very much.
Same here. I look forward to it.
I don't know what you're up to,
Can I believe you?
It is not necessary for you to place first in the primaries.
Precisely.
That's a good idea.
A pro...
That's right.
We're begging you, Ariake, Garage.
Please! The results of this election would depend on this committee.
I'll show you who the real boss
It's a decision I came to after a thorough examination.
I must become the Student Council President that you couldn't!
Didn't you hear me? I won't let my private life influence my public duty.
So, you wouldn't mind firing me privately?
Good luck with the election.
There should be some pepper left.
I'm really not.
S-Stop that!
But sometimes there are snacks that have both sugar and salt,
Next time, Episode 4: Funding.
Wh-What the...
W-Well, yeah.
People who don't have the money shouldn't try so hard to come to Takafuji.
Um, do I really stink?
Oh, no, never mind.
Aomi-san, you don't stink at all.
They say it costs the city council tens of millions of yen ever year
If it came to light, any victory would be null and void.
Well, they'd definitely find us out.
Some years ago, they raised the issue that people without money couldn't even run.
Oojima Roll?
It melts away the instant you take a bite,
I didn't hear anything here.
Goods that leave an impression will help people remember your name.
Thanks, Dad!
Just to be safe, take it to the Election Administration Committee for approval.
It'd be quick with sticker labels.
They're a little small, but you'd only need seven sets if you got the 24-per-page ones.
All we're doing is borrowing.
hydraulic suspension-linked, posture control and alignment system-equipped,
Wh-What?
Are you telling us to eat mist or something?
Aye, sir!
She was too much for me to handle!
I'm still the Finance Commissioner, after all.
But...
What's going on, Yuu-kun?
That'll be tough.
Really?
There's no way I'd fall in love with this idiot!
What's wrong with you?!
What exactly makes me hopeless?
Yuuki-senpai?
Need a hand?
so she's able to talk casually with anyone.
Okay, that's two down.
Um... What?
Mii-chan, what time is it?
Correct my name first.
Well, we should be able to make it.
Delicious!
Yuu-chan, my junior, do you know what an "angels' share" is?
You're giving Non-chan the ends from all 20 rolls?
A blue bosom buddy!
Pay more attention to Chisato.
Is it like this every year?
Give me ten of them!
So obvious...
They're pretty good.
She's improved!
Done!
...any pose you want!
What do you think?
Hey, I could see your underwear!
Does that really make a difference?
That's the guy, right?
Say, "Open up!"
We sold them for 1,000 yen each, special requests included.
He's a tsundere!
I'm prepared to take requests for this page if it's for the campaign.
Do it!
So it's time.
Oh, I mean, I'm in love with someone else.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
aims to preserve the freedom that club activities currently have.
Mr. Tatsumi, you're up next.
I wish you the best of luck. Until next time.
Are you feeling all right?
Sorry I took so long.
Should that happen, I'll be there to guide you.
As you're all aware,
the Public Safety Commission, the group responsible for the disgraceful Oosawa Incident,
If you elect me as Student Council President, I'll examine every detail of the budget
Did they ever oppose the President's decisions?
Yuu-kun, wait for me!
I am determined to make bold changes!
Though they may cause me pain, I will not stop.
Please, everyone!
Wait! Wait, Yuu-kun!
Please, let me through!
If you have not cast your vote, we ask that you do so promptly.
You think so?
Don't worry about it.
It was far more moving than what I wrote.
Yes, really! You were amazing, Yuu-kun.
The webcast of the election special is about to begin.
Huh?
With whom did you entrust the future of this school?
Now we will be introducing some candidates the ASP picked up on.
Reporter Shiohama!
The counting just started.
It's still too early to tell.
This gets updated every 100 votes, right?
It'll be impossible for him to win if a fourth candidate passes the primaries.
With 94.4 percent of the votes counted,
but it was short-lived, and his campaign staff have returned to the computer
Jeez, how come we can't celebrate even though I'm projected to qualify?
We have still have a problem, though.
Well, the rumors did say this would happen.
Sorry, it's probably nothing compared to the General Affairs and Finance Commissions' funds.
Good idea!
Hooray!
See you tomorrow!
There are 6,000 students.
In the end, the Finance and General Affairs Commissions are parts of the Student Council.
That could really sway the voters!
However, she's also the Finance Commission candidate, a member of the Student Council.
and a revolution by a fresh, new outsider,
A-Are you okay, Yuu... ki...
Thanks for the food!
Thank you very much.
You can't keep your little brothers waiting.
Yuu-kun, you take a break, too.
Are you sure?
It wasn't locked.
Look at me.
I don't need a reason to be here.
We might get dizzy.
Why don't you do anything?
Yuuki-senpai, are you there?
W-Wait a second!
Well, there are still problems with that...
Oh, you two are pretty close, aren't you?
I need to use the bathroom!
It might be dangerous to go back to the club room.
I want a kiss!
No.
Yuu-kun, where are you touching?
Sorry for disturbing you.
You were guilty the moment you stepped into the girls' campsite, with its strict no-men policy.
Are you threatening me?
You do?
In the end, you care about my sister.
Thanks so much.
Yes. That way you'll be able to stay here without feeling sorry.
With so many spices and fruits that aren't used in Japanese sweets!
It's too much.
How did he just disappear?
And if it doesn't work out, I'll go with the second one.
Hazuki-sensei has nothing to do with it.
She just holed up at home one day.
It still depresses her, even now.
It seems like my sister is open with you,
No, not that.
Wai
U-Um...
It was developed secretly in the event that it would be needed!
Chisato?
Oh, it's Hanako-san from that toilet girl myth.
What do you want me to do, exactly?
Um... Well, yeah.
Really?
What's going on, Chisato?
I mean, yesterday...
Hey, wait!
Why did you leave them without
Hey, Satsuki?
Don't tease me!
You're so easy to read.
I'm just not loose like you.
Stop.
Good for you, Satsuki.
Sh-Shinonome-san...
Ouch!
I got stitches and turned out fine.
When I found out, our father resigned himself to telling me everything.
She must have really loved me.
Oojima is quite the troublemaker.
It'd be troublesome if others found out about this.
and from the General Affairs Commission, we have Tatsumi Moheiji.
If we allow any other commission to ascend,
I hope you'll lend me your support!
I have to get along with the voters.
You always do things like this!
and someone might pull the rug out from under your feet.
I just said that I'm not!
Why did it take you forever to bring those flyers?!
You're too kind.
Got you!
Are you giving a street speech here today?
What are you doing to her?
Show me see your student IDs, please.
Verbal abuse, which can affect others psychologically, is equivalent to violence.
Please report to the Public Safety Commission when summoned.
and they left her traumatized.
Oojima-senpai.
It was very encouraging.
Yes.
They can't join clubs, either.
Hey, Yuuki...
Why? Why are you leaving me behind?
So, will he?
but it won't play.
That's an indirect kiss.
Normal.
Normal...
Eat it.
I don't want it.
I'll give you chocolate!
You live next door.
I can't unlock the door like this.
I want to take a bath.
I'm right here!
Liar...
Eat it and forgive me.
Am I just a replacement for Daiki-kun?
So you should be the one to eat it, not me!
I-I'm back, Morishita-san.
Oojima.
is pretty personal.
I only learned how to play it.
President, what's the matter?
I see.
Please don't touch on matters concerning financial aid students in this election.
Promise me you won't put up a struggle.
Indeed.
Put simply, they're spies.
Normal.
So you're fine with anything edible. Got it.
In December of last year, she was in an accident.
run by a former member of the Public Safety Commission.
What'd you say?!
Leave me alone!
Why don't you just ask him out?
We will soon lose our position as ruling party.
Daiki can never be happy again!
you talked to me without minding it in the least.
Did you tell Morishita-san about Kana-san?
But...
I told you that there was no going back once you heard it.
I understand.
we don't need your partnership anymore.
What would you like to do?
So why do I have to go on a date with you?
Preparations for the ceremony are already
Yes, we are!my heart...
Congratulations on your marriage!
Dinner was amazing!
That one's split evenly, too.
had been removed.
The President insists on putting Oojima Yuuki on the throne.
But you threw her aside.
How did you know?
Don't be like that. You need to talk things through.
Leave me alone!
Let's get you changed first.
I haven't...
You think I didn't know?
So much.
I'm sure Daiki-kun is happy.
After all, you love him this much.
I told you that there was no going back once you heard it.
This is truly unfortunate.
First,
Depending on what happens next,
Where are you going?
At this hour?
If anything happens to Kana,
You're... pretty good.
Kana-chan?
That's correct. Our sources can confirm this.
Ask Mifuyu.
Don't do this to me, man.
I know this is sudden, but could you two do me a favor?
Thank you!
Who the hell is this?!
That's barely enough time.
Just keep your mouth shut and do as I say.
You didn't tell her too much. Very good.
I can't get through. I think he turned off his phone.
Is it true that Public Safety was wheeling and dealing with General Affairs?ioryogi pls to shorten this as much as you can
Yes.
Do you remember who, exactly?
The order for the speeches was decided!
What place did we get?
They inflated the number of club members?
to help them in emergencies, provided that they overlook it.
Dammit!
You're a mess!
You won't be able to track them down with GPS!
Oosawa Yuina, pattern black. Be careful.
Hey, are you listening, Oojima Yuuki?
Oh, with that minority facing discrimination, there wasn't any conflict among the other students.
Chisato!
Yuuki?
Huh?
What are you doing?!
I should be asking you that!
Do you hear yourself right now?
Where do you think you're touching me?!
Let's rack up those sympathy votes!
I...
I tried to include a statement on financial aid student harassment in my manifesto,
But... But something feels wrong.
You could say I'm being too immature.
It's because I love you all so much that I hate seeing you fighting amongst yourselves!
But things will only get more difficult from here on out.
We just started taste-testing a new Yaoi Stick flavor.
We have Sumiyoshi Chisato.
Who is this? What do you want?!
Sorry for leaving you alone.
Hey, where can I find those photos?
Oh, no. Look how late it is.
I'm good at drawing lots.
so that I could collect news anywhere.
They inflated the number of club members?
They were able to request more club funds this way.
Yeah, should you even be here right now?
Oojima-kun...
You won't be able to track them down with GPS!
It's me.
I'm sure you get it by now.
Make sure the girl keeps her mouth shut about this.
The location is to the south of Ginjichou Station
Chisato! Chisato!RIP in peace, Chisato
Just get on, you two!
What else am I supposed to hold on to?!
Please wait just a little longer!
I'm going to talk to myself.
Please wait.
I love this school and all of its students!
And I believe all of you can make that happen.
But he earned the voters' trust that he'd do his job.
We just started taste-testing a new Yaoi Stick flavor.
I'm sure being a Vice President is a lot of work.
Saying nice to meet you to someone becomes a sort of pact between you, doesn't it?
If you're inquiring about hha gondola booking, I can
I'm very busy.
Going by the Aquan calendar, in another four months, I'll have been here for one year.
She's booked solid. I'm sorry.
I'm still only a journeyman, so I'm not allowed to take out customers by myself.
Ah, umm...
Here.
I know. From now on, I'm your friend.
Kidnapper.
I thought so! I used to live on Manhome too.
Your by yourself
I came with my dad and mum.
Well, she's already an acquaintance.
Yes!
Uh, today it has been reborn as a Planet of Water.
...a city was built from the wishes of those who wanted to build it.
No sappy lines allowed!
HuhEh?!
Oh.
Um, isn't that...?
My, my, you have Aika-chan with you too?
And this is?
I'm sorry.
The buttered baked potato was so good, and that backward rowing was a lot of fun!
I don't think your sister was bragging...
That's what you mean, right?
Yeah, so...
That's right.
Heh, heh.Ehehe
That's pretty much what makes Akari a wondrous girl herself.
But I never imagined that one day I'd get the chance to actually go to Neverland!
I wonder what this Neverland place is like.
Could that be it? Is that Neverland?
There's nothing here... And there's nobody here either.
Yeah.
What should we do, Alice-chan?
You guys got invitations too, huh?
Maybe this is a plot against us by someone who holds a grudge against us.
No one's ever held a grudge against me, unlike you.
President Aria! Alicia-san!
This is the worst possible outcome I could ever imagine.
Is Athena-san your instructor, Alice-chan?
Quite.
HuhEh?
All right!
Just watch your balance and row as hard as you can!
Hey! Put your backs into it!
Never shoulda come here...
Alicia-san, Akira-san...
Why are they coming out too?
The last exercise will be a competitive race!
I'm pre-forbidding it.
HuhEh?
Eat as much as you like.
At least, that's what Alicia says.
Ah, yes. You can't swim in the ocean back on Manhome anymore.
I hope it really feels like the ocean of Neverland to you, Akari-chan.
I'll enjoy the ocean as much as I can!
No sappy lines allowed!
HuhEh?
What! She found such a cool place like that?!
The sea breeze feels nice, huh?
I'm kind of tired...
You don't have to say anything else.
This one's good too. So's this, and this too!
Chow down!
Who are you saying cooks like a man?!
You're really sexy dynamite!
But when I grew up, I realised it was a fantasy.
We forget so much in our lives. It's sorta sad.
Maybe the entire world of Aqua itself is Neverland.
Ai-chan, I don't know why, but at that moment, my heart suddenly felt so full.
Huh?!Eh?!
Alice-chan, could it be that you're in a bad mood?
It's really a disaster.
I see...
The problem is that they don't allow pets.
Oh...
Of the Three Great Water Fairies, Athena-senpai's canzone is especially famous.
Huh?
OhAh, there it is.
And hits the hang-up button on the phone in the middle of a conversation.
But are you going to keep hiding her like this?
Of course, my left hand always loses.
It was lucky Athena-senpai started singing like that.
Maa-kun!
Maa-kun!
Maa-kun?
Alice-chan?
Athena-senpai knew about Maa-kun.
Athena-senpai.
I never realised at all.
When I first came to live in the dorms, I was so lonely that I couldn't sleep.
But still, thanks to that, I stopped feeling so bad and felt warm inside.
Next time, Doing That Wonderful Job...
Akari-san, I made a buttered baked potato today.
Were you lonely by yourself?
If Aika-senpai was around, I'd discuss it with her.
so that just leaves you, Akari-senpai.
Oh...
Mr. President!
Athena-senpai hardly notices anything.
Wow, it's like a stylish restaurant.
Swe-e-e-t...!
She'll trip on a surface that's totally flat.
Really?
Oh, Senpai, would you be able to take your bath first, please?
Maa-kun...
...yes, it was the biggest reason for the migration.
the large-scale Aqua migration project began.
Yes, it was only 150 years ago...
Maa-kun is... Maa-kun is...
Where could Maa-kun have gone?
Alice-chan!
So Athena-senpai didn't throw her out?
I'm worse than my left hand.
Athena-senpai.
Wait, were you singing just now to try and find Maa-kun?
Not only that...
You were doing that for me?
This little one is now Orange Planet's new president.
When you hear all these little sounds,
I'm off.
as long as you have those sideburns.
If you're inquiring about hha gondola booking, I can
Is this love at first sight?
Then you can take me.
If only I was qualified.
What?
I have to buy ingredients for meals and make it myself too,
Ai-chan.
Then would you row, please?
I know! Aika-chan, let's go see Alicia-san.
You like this city?
HuhEh?!
I've eaten them at home before, but I didn't really like it.
These are a lot different from the ones you eat on Manhome.
I thought you didn't have any money.
Well then, shall we get going?
Isn't it so true?
Aren't you glad?
But then, why did you come here?
After all, don't you want to talk about the things you like?
Yeah.
Yeah, so...
Next time, On That Special Day...
Let's spend a wonderful moment together!
If you're inquiring about hha gondola booking, I can
This is Aqua. This city is Neo-Venezia!
Um, I'd like a ride in Alicia-san's gondola please.
I'm afraid I'm the only one here.
I'm still only a journeyman, so I'm not allowed to take out customers by myself.
Right...
UmEh, yeah, I guess you could say that.
You really love Alicia-san, don't you, Aika-chan?
Himeya Company's motto is Punctual with pleasant talk, so, uh...
Yeah. On a world without water or air,
Maybe us meeting each other was another one of those miracles.
Not really.
Give it all you've got, Akari!
No one's faster than she is at rowing backwards!
Okay! Just hold her straight!
I apologize for the sudden deviation from our planned route.
My sister came here for her honeymoon a while ago.
But then, why did you come here?
I rode in other gondolas, but they were no fun at all.
When I get home, I'll have something to brag about to my sister!
I remember that couple!
They were discovering all the little ways that they irritated each other on that trip.
I'm impressed, Aika-chan!
Uh-huh? You're not surprised?
Huh?
Then that kitty is President Hime, just as I thought!
The acqua alta is really something else!
Yes, it is.
Pardon the intrusion.
Answer in 15 words or less!Literally: "30 characters or less." Can't say syllables since no one talks like that.
But going out in a gondola on a day like this
You can exercise or practice your singing.
And I have to pay.
Alicia-san is kind, unlike you, Akira-san.
Shouldn't you go too?
What happens if you can't go back
Wow, it looks amazing!
Chewing me out, just like that.
And it doesn't end there.
On one side Akira-chan can be a bit strict, but the truth is she's actually really kind.A keyframe snap works with visuals but to be safe.
Three!
There's Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia
No my, my, my's allowed!
Follow me, Akari.
Oops a daisy!
Walnut bread?
I'm basically the heir to Himeya.
I see, so that's how it is.
All that not allowed, not allowed stuff sounds a lot like Akira-san.
but deep down, she's sincere and kind with all her heart.
We quit the race.
My, my, my...
It's a flood! The floor's flooded!
Sure, I'm on it!
Whoa...
You can't tell where the streets start and stop anymore, can you?
splishity-splash!
Hm? Maybe this isn't the right way.
That's why people normally have a quiet day at home today.
You have such a dignity about you, that I'd never guess you're only a year older than me.
HuhEh? Why not?
WhatEh?!
but you also managed to get Aika in on the act.
You think her coddling would help an amateur like you become a professional Undine?
Right.
Chewing me out, just like that.
And, Don't make your room messy!
Yeah! And you know that very well too, Aika-chan.
but she lives someplace else! What a let down.
Wow. That really happened?
If only I wasn't the heir to Himeya,
You're joking, right?
Oh, Aika-chan...
I'll name some right now!
Quiet! Knock it off!
Not to mention, your skin's lighter than mine!
Not allowed! Not allowed!
Not allowed! Not allowed!
That's right.
WhatEh?! Why does it have to be settled like that?!
Please.
Huh?
What?
and then one day, you discover a different side of her.
She may be a little difficult and stubborn,
but deep down, she's sincere and kind with all her heart.
I actually won the race.
This morning, you'll ride in my gondola with passengers, and observe.
Alicia may coddle you, but I won't!
I'm instructing new Undines today.
President?
Really?! Yes, please do!
In a streetcar on Manhome.
He had a seat because he got on at the first station,
Could you give us a tour in the afternoon as well?
Huh?!
Oh?
Why don't I give you a full taste of our training?
Yes!
If you like it, I'll share some with you.
AhWoody-san!
How many times do I have to tell you?!
Don't tell them that! Why don't you show them what to do?
It's not your fault.
Akari? Did you think of a good idea to try?
I'm not sure how good of an idea it is, but...
I wonder if we'll just have to wait for the water level to go down.
Whoops.
Right.
We really found our way out!
Thank goodness.
Crybaby!
What are you waiting for?
That's not it.
but those words are also overflowing with warm feelings.
That's an irreplaceable gift from those who are irreplaceable in our lives.
Speaking of President Aria...
Next time is a double feature!
Ai-chan, this is my secondh summer since coming to Aqua.
Especially today, when even the reflection of the sun on the water is so dazzling.
OhEh? But we're not making much headway here.
I'm Mizunashi Akari from Aria Company.
It's a nice scent.
You've got a whole crowd of flowers as your customers, Aika-san.
Huh?
but they get as much business as companies that are 100 years old.
Hey, Aika-chan, Aika-chan?
Welcome to Orange Planet!
What a lovely gift!
Hence that attitude of hers.
They all look delicious.
Akatsuki-san!
You're over-steering!
or if she crashes into the bank or capsizes, I won't mind!
Man, I'm waiting for someone, but there's no sign of him showing up.
But I can't take any customers without an instructor on board!
I wonder what's going on.
I keep telling you, they're not sideburns.
Sideburns was only about to show me around.
Oh, is that what this is?
Alice-chan, why don't you come too?
Please turn to your right.
About 150 years ago.
Um...
Akatsuki-san!
Looks like you're a fine Undine on the land as well, miss.
There are large and small islands all over the Neo-Adriatic Sea.
When you give someone a ride in your gondola,
If you're alone for a long time, I get the feeling that you start to feel separated from your emotions.
You stuck-up...
your reward is that you can become one with the wind!
I'm Mizunashi Akari from Aria Company.
How old are you?
Fourteen.
You're really nosy.
But since it's for Alicia-san, there's no helping it.
I can see for myself.
Everyone eating together will make it taste that much better!
The new issue's out, huh?
You also had an interview, didn't you?
Yes.
You work above the water, don't you?
I keep telling you, they're not sideburns.
and to the left is the big bell tower.
The lion is one of the four winged beasts that appear in the Old Testament.
It's said to represent St. Marco the Evangelist.
You can find them all throughout the city.
There are 14 just in Piazza San Marco alone.
and regulating the planet's weather so it's comfortable is your job, right?
That's why you and others like you are like Aqua's guardian angels.
Truly, we are guardian angels, the embodiment of justice!
You're really nosy!
You're looking well, little brother!
The people who emigrated to Aqua from Manhome
Just make your way ahead, slow and steady.
We will soon arrive at the Ukijima ropeway station.
This will be my first time on Ukijima.
Mine too.
So? How do you like your first visit on Ukijima?
It would probably feel niceh to become one with the wind.
Akari-san, I remember the scent of the air in Neo-Venezia.
If I try really hard to make my heart feel light,
...maybe I could even fly way up into the sky.
I was asked to deliver a letter!
Akari-chan?
Would you like pasta for dinner tonight?
Also, could you go buy some bread at the bakery after you're done there?
Where are you going, President Aria?
HuhEh? Me?
Please.
Promise me you'll deliver it.
I'm not even getting any hits on the name.
That girl must be the sender, right?
Wow.
Let me hang on to this letter for a bit.
Can you wait till evening?
HuhEh, wait, you want to go down that way?
You're the only one I can rely on.
Agh! Brain freeze!
Yeah, I suppose so. That particular place was...
Yeah. Thanks for
Well then, I'm off!
Anyway, I'm sorry about this, Alicia-san.
You really can't say no, can you?
There she goes.
Somebody worked hard, because they believed they could make a dream come true!
Are these... gravestones?
Right!
I found you, Akari-chan!
Wow, that's amazing! You can fly one of those!
Hey, Akari-chan! Come here! I've found it!
And the year he died is the same as the cancel stamp on the letter.
After coming all the way out here to deliver it... I'm so sorry.
So, at the very least, I want to send my thoughts to you.
What that girl wanted to send him, were these feelings.comma to match pause
They were carried to him.
They were finally carried to him.
That's the job of the postmen and Sylphs.
It's wonderful, isn't it?
There, see? That's the power of a Single!
WWha?!
That girl must be the sender, right?
Oh, there's a data card inside.
HuhEh, wait, you want to go down that way?
But you promised...
You're the only one I can rely on.
Bye. Please deliver it.And please deliver it
Well, you see, it doesn't exist anymore.
I reckon it'd take you a month.
Well, here it is.
Well, is that everything then?
I'm thankful, but kind of sorry about that too.
You get days like this when it's this hot.
Is your water bottle filled?
You really treat her like a little kid, don't you?
Yeah, I have it.
I'm sure saury and mackerel feel like this when they swim too!
Woody-san, what's that over there?
Are these... gravestones?
Hm...
Well then, President Aria, if you'd do the honors.
I'm sure the water you're digging up is flowing in the canal in front of our home now.
Well, things have been a little hectic after getting sent to Aqua so suddenly.
That's why we're digging for water, you said.
I'm glad you were able to carry thoseh precious feelings to him, Akari-san.
You once said that Neo-Venezia is made of miracles.
But I never imagined that one day I'd get the chance to actually go to Neverland!
I wonder who it's from.
It's gotta be that way... or not?
Oh, someone's there!
I wonder who's behind all this.
Wow! A pure-white beach!
No sappy lines allowed!
Um, begin what?
Again!
Did you see that?
Right...
Right!
Alicia-san, Akira-san.
How do I put it?
I intended to give you special training for the whole day,
So, while I'm against it, you can take the rest of the day off.
It's like a whole new world spreading out before me!
Huh?
I wonder if I lost it while I was swimming?
I'd forgotten all about that, and now suddenly I remember it.
This one's good too. So's this, and this too!
What's with you?
Of course not.
Really? Now I can't wait to eat them!
This is how a real man's cooking should taste
No said anything like that...
Sleeping would just waste my time here.
We forget so much in our lives. It's sorta sad.
They're stored away, deep in the drawers of your heart.
You'd never think this landscape was created by people.
It's an unreal world.
True.
Next time, That Which You Want to Protect...
I wonder who it's from.
There's no clue at all about that.
I wonder what this Neverland place is like.
Hm? That way?
More importantly, this place is such a totally average little island.
No one's ever held a grudge against me, unlike you.
Of course.
Wow! A pure-white beach!
Yes, training that'll make you cough up blood!
This is a desert island after all.
HuhEh?
and then by walking around the island!
Got it? Don't be scared of falling in the water!
Just watch your balance and row as hard as you can!
Right!
We're going to show you how it's done now.
Alicia-san's homemade boxed lunches?!
That was made by me, though.
HuhEh?
Oh! Over there.
We can't let her beat us!
Sure.
The waves sound so peaceful, don't they?
Isn't it ready yet?
Save room for the grilled rice balls later.
But when I grew up, I realised it was a fantasy.
I can't remember.
You think so?
Ai-chan, I don't know why, but at that moment, my heart suddenly felt so full.
But once they realise it, they can see a glimpse of warmth in the face of the one who helped them.
I wanted to make something yummy for my mom and dad to eat.
Since Aika-chan's on a company vacation, today it's just Alice-chan and myself training.
Won't you?
The truth is, my left hand is worthless.
Huh? What do you mean by that?
Huh?Eh?
The problem is that they don't allow pets.
Oh...
Yes, that's her.
Akari-senpai, do you want to stay over?
You'll really stand out if you stay in that outfit.
Athena-senpai is as clumsy as she looks.
She'll trip on a surface that's totally flat.
Oh?
Is it good, Maa-kun?
Of course, my left hand always loses.
Maa-kun is crying.
Akari-senpai!
Wait, were you singing just now to try and find Maa-kun?
You sang back then too, didn't you?
Not only that,
Mean, huh?
Exactly.
I doubt they were ugly, because it had your feelings baked inside.
Did something happen?
The truth is, my left hand is worthless.
Oh, and another thing.
Oh, so this is the Athena-senpai I've heard so much about!
You'll really stand out if you stay in that outfit.
Alice-chan, won't Athena-senpai find Maa-kun?
What's this?BD: "Huh?" too many of these.
OhEh? What's wrong?
She'll trip on a surface that's totally flat.
She forgets the most important details.
Neither of them are bothered by it at all.
Here you go.
Maa-kun!
Maa-kun... Maa-kun!
Did you find the cat?
I think she sang last night to hide the sound of Maa-kun's crying.
Athena-senpai did that?
Athena-senpai.
Maa-kun!
Wait, were you singing just now to try and find Maa-kun?
You were doing that for me?
Isn't that great news, Alice-chan?
But still, thanks to that, I stopped feeling so bad and felt warm inside.
You're late!
Aika, give it a try.
Watch out!
Seriously!
I'm instructing new Undines today.
They're adorable! I definitely want them to come with us!
President Maa, stop that.
Sorry for the disruption.
Welll then, let's be off.
Fenice?
Sir, how about enjoying Neo-Venezia with your own eyes for a bit?
The weather is nice, so it'll dry soon.
Right?
Perhaps it's like your husband, in a way.
Huh?!
I'm terribly sorry, but I have to give these girls on-site training this afternoon.
We'll join in the training too!
Why are you yelling out to your friend while you're working?
hhUm, well, I was just really happy to see him...
You keep going to fast.
This is the narrowest place yet. You think she'll be all right?
Yeah, your rowing is pretty good.
Gondola, coming through!
Alicia-san!
It's special caramel tea from my favourite caf.
When you become Primas, no one will be there to help you.
Any mistake you make, you have to follow up on.
No talking during training.
President Maa.
It's pitch black.
I'm worrying enough for all of us.
Right.
A dead end?
aren't you mad?
There's no point in scolding people who try their best and reflect on what they do.
Even though she's so nice to her customers.
HuhEh?
That's an irreplaceable gift from those who are irreplaceable in our lives.
Mr. President, are you at it again?
So c'mon, let's get going!
I was scolded by my mom yesterday.
So then, my mom said, No matter what you're doing, you take too long to do it.
Over here, Mr. President!
It's a pleasure to meet you, dear guests.
It's the real Akira-san! You're even prettier than your photos!
No, actually, she was the one who insisted any gondola we ride in would have to be yours.
H-Hey!
Sorry for the disruption.
That building over there is known by all as the best theatre in Neo-Venezia.
Would you like to see an opera as a momento of your trip?
Mizunashi Akari, moving out!
It's Woody-san! Hello!
Right.
Gondola, coming through!
Gondola, coming through!
Listen, you three.
Um, I'm sorry.
What's wrong, Aika-chan?
Quit calling me a crybaby!
Oy!
Yeah.
President Aria's gonna eat it all!
His pudgy-wudgy tummy?
Aika-chan, you should be grateful to Akira-san for training you so hard, then.
If you want a boxed lunch, I've got one right here!
Um...
President Aria seems to like you.
Yes.
There it is, her sure-fire method of flustering customers.
The opera, huh?
So I thought, He's a really nice guy, isn't he?
We'll make a slight detour here.
You're going way too slow!
hhUmEh... Well... I was just really happy to see him...
OhAh, sorry. It fell out of your bag, so...
How wonderful! All of you, give it your best!
When will the tide start to recede?
Around dawn, I think.
It seems to flowing to the other side of that door.
No helping.
Whoops.
Stop, Akari!
Crybaby!
Don't say I'm a crybaby! Honestly!
No! Please don't go to any trouble on our account!
Akira-san is a very strict teacher, isn't she?
I don't know, I'm not exactly sure myself.
President Aria?
My, my, my, my, my!
Well, since everyone worked so hard today,
President Maa!
No! Ken-kun!
I dunno! I'm going to look for him!
Ken-kun came back!
Just kidding.
Alicia-san, what sort of work does President Aria do every day?
Ribbit.
Ribbit.
I hope the weather tomorrow is just as nice.
for dinner we have my special omurice!
My, my, my!
Ai-chan, President Aria is totally hero-crazy at the moment!
President Aria is reading it again. That Nyan Nyan Puu picture book.
What should I do? I have to stay with these packages.
You will...
All right, then let's go!
Thank you so much!
Keep at it.
Oh, you brought them all back?
Huh?
Mommy, I don't care if he's dirty,
because Ken-kun came back!
Yay, Ken-kun. I'll never lose you again!
Please don't look for me.
Oh, you're so cute!
What a beautiful sunset, isn't it, President Hime?
Your right.
What's this?
to spread the happy atmosphere of Aria Company all the way here to me.
President Aria is reading it again. That Nyan Nyan Puu picture book.
You'd do that?
Oh? Al-kun!
Oh, you don't say.
Are you out on a walk, Aika-san?
What are you doing dressed up in that weird getup, President Aria?
OhEh? DoCould it be you want to help me?
There's a circus class nearby that I'm participating in,
All right, just keep your balance.
Right...
Mommy, I don't care if he's dirty,
Akari-san, maybe President Aria really is a hero!
I can't wait to meet her!
No, it's not that.
My dream is to surpass Alicia-san and the others, the current Three Great Water Fairies, obviously.
HuhEh? Legendary Great Water Fairy?
And after she retired, that great person became the mother to all of this era's Undines.
that legendary Great Water Fairy was the founderestablished of Aria Company.
Here, I have some hot milk with honey for you.
She's a living legend, after all!
No goofing off allowed! Got it?
And you're okay to be here, right?
Yep, that's the way!
You better try hard too!
Yay, we're here, we're here!
So this person is the legendary Great Water Fairy.
I seeOkay, then.
Ow!
I'll just boil these later, okay?
Sure thing.BD: "Right. Right." I think Grandma's seiyuu just had a fit and they didn't bother to do a retake. Surely the second "" isn't Alice.
They're both sweet potatoes, but their shapes are so different!
Let's see...
Seriously! Akari you big dummy!
It's also full of Grandma's love, too.
I thought we came here for training...Alt: We were supposed to come here for training
Aika-chan, want me to wash your back?
Good night.
but this has turned out to be a vacation where we just fool around.
Aika-chan, you're so melodramatic.
Neo-Venezia is a city, so the street lights keep it bright as day even at night.
You're a real pain!
My, my.
Make everything something to enjoy.
UUm! Aqua's numberone
You're too slow, Akari!
No, it disappeared while I was saying it the third time.
Same for me!
Me too.
The number one energetic and wonderful Undine star.
because it sparkles so brightly.
Ai-chan, we've just changed uniforms for thenew season,
What's wrong, Aika-chan? Why all the sighing?
You're really melancholic?
I know so!
And it's wrong, not right at all!
Yeah!
HuhEh? Legendary Great Water Fairy?
OhAh...
Thank you very much.
Nope, I have a bookingsomeone scheduled for 8 o'clock tonight.Alt: "Nuh-uh" Feels childish when reading.
I wonder what she's like. I'm so excited now!
What? I wonder if I can do that.
I understand, Grandma!
So we have taken up this gracious offer to receive couching from you.Alt: So we are very thankful for you gracious offer
Aika-chan, why are you talking so strangely?
Yes ma'am! We're on it!
Right, right.Alt: "Sure thing" The second "" sounds wierd. But it isn't Alice either.
What should we do next?
This is incrediblesingle word doesnt fit with the previous sentence!
I tried to warn you!
Seriously! Akari you big dummy!
At last, the living legend's class is about to start!
Aika-chan, my face.
Amazing.
HuhEh?
And that space is really huge was kinda sappy as well!
You're a real pain!
Good questionLet's see.
Make everything something to enjoy.Oh if only it was that simple...
then becoming the brightest Undine star on Aqua isn't a dream.
Grandma really is an amazing person, isn't she?
because it sparkles so brightly.
Next time, That Warm Vacation...
A hot spring?
But if it's just a bath, wouldn't a normal-sized tub be enough?
You aren't good in cold weather either, are you, Akari-san?
You're lucky you're a Pair. What with both hands covered and warm.
It's really cold, even with gloves on.
Indeed.
Why not save it the trouble and bring it back with us?
It warms your very heart and soul.BD: "It warms you right to the core of your body."
All right! Then we'll all go the hot spring!
Yep. Have a drink? It's genmai tea.
Come on, let's go home too.
Welcome!
Thank you for your kindness!
Well, why don't we get ready and go to the baths?
Welcome.
No clumsy slowpokes allowed.
but the old couple who owned it had good taste.
Wow...Alt: Really?
HuhEh?
Ah, paradise, paradise.
Wow, look how late it is.
That's true.
I feel like, as a Single, I should be practicing as much as possible.
I can even go to a hot spring!
It's dark.
Alicia-san, is it much further?
Don't tell me you've been to this hot spring before, Alicia-san?
She does have a point.
My, my.
Come in.
I'm sure you'll see each other again next winter.
Shall we go back inside?
The Aquan winter is cold, isn't it?
Be careful you don't catch a cold!
Wow, the window's completely white.
Get moving again and your body will warm up fast.
Go on back to your friends, okay?
Okay! I brought plenty of bags with me.
That's right.
You haven't been to a natural hot spring before, have you, Akari-chan?
That's right. I've only ever seen them in holograms.
Okay! It'll be fun!
How about you, Alice-chan?
Oh!
Well, I'd best be getting home.
Akari-chan, would you like to try knitting?
You can see it now.
Oh! Alicia-san!
Yep. It's different, isn't it?
Ah, paradise, paradise.
I was so relaxed that I fell asleep.
To tell you the truth, even on a vacation like today,
I guess you're right.
and the fire in the fireplace, I think I could come to love winter.
HuhEh?
My heart's really pounding.
Aw, you should have said something!
Aika-chan, wait up!
Yeah...
Alicia-san?
Yeah.
Athena-senpai.
Good evening.
From heaven, to hell.
Snow?
I'm sure you'll see each other again next winter.
I'm glad.
Sure!
Ai-chan, it's true that Aqua's winter is cold,
No, never mind.
Ai-chan, this second winter I'm spending here in Neo-Venezia
When we learned that all three of us had nothing scheduled today,
Maybe we should have been practicing with people from our own companies.
so I came, even though I didn't want to!Italics??
Weird places? Like where?
Um, on your rightI mean, left...
Uh, it is on your right. On your right, you can see the birthplace of Marco Polo.
We're way past that now.
My, my, my.
OyEnough!
That was amazing, Athena-chan!
You're the Single everyone's talking about!
Since she never really sang, I never realised.
It's not like I was hiding it, though.
so I'm glad I was able to practice with Akira-chan and Alicia-chan.
That's true.
all sorts of little joys will come and go.
I'm kind of hungry now, too.
But Aika-chan, I didn't say anything!
It'll be fine.
Hey! No yelling allowed!
Aika-chan! Alice-chan!
They probably talked like this when they were Singles too.
But, there are some things which absolutely never change.
Akari-san, somehow, I really want to see you again now.
Don't just leave us hanging like that!
And then it started snowing, which really makes things hard
OhEh? Is that sort of weird?
Here you go.
Are we not supposed to?
Definitely!
So Akira-chan was always showing up here.
It's obvious she was embarrassed about doing it.
Here, to make up for things, please enjoy this meal on us.BD: "please eat with us." Not natural English.
If you know anything about that...
My, my!
Well, you don't look like the type who'd follow gossip.
Uh, it is on your right. On your right, you can see the birthplace of Marco Polo.
My, my. Me first?
It's okay, Athena-chan. Just relax.
Give it your best!
That was amazing, Athena-chan!
so I'm glad I was able to practice with Akira-chan and Alicia-chan.
Yeah.
by getting trapped thinking of the fun we used to have.Alt: thinking about
We should say, the old days were fun, as well.
You can't compare things that you truly enjoy, can you?
in the times you pass with the people you're with,
But Aika-chan, I didn't say anything!
They'll probably be talking till morning.
Huh?
Aika-chan! Alice-chan!
But, there are some things which absolutely never change.
Akari-san, somehow, I really want to see you again now.
What is this place?
Is it winter now?
Who are you?
Are you tired?
We just finished shovelling off the snow, and now more will pile up again.
I guess it can't be helped.
but no one goes there anymore.
Please do.
It really is an old bridge, isn't it?
Yes. I work as an Undine there.
Am I stupid not to know?!
Oh, my name's Mizunashi Akari, by the way.
Um...
Oh, no reason!
Sure...
There we go. All done!
I think so.
OhAhh, the truth is I only came to Aqua a year and a half ago.
Akari-chan!
HuhEh?
On the other side, it's been completely white with snow since yesterday.
WhatEh Huh? You must be mistaken somehow.
HuhEh?
It's been really cold lately, since Ukijima's output has been kind of unstable.
Once the climate stabilizes a bit more, I'll be able to grow vegetables without a greenhouse.
OhAh! Sensei!
It'll be fine, now that Sensei's here with us. Right, Sensei?
This is Mizunashi Akari-san.
Aqua, before water flowed through the city.
Farewell, my avvenire.
My, my. Well then, why don't we ask the President what he does?
It's the perfect chance for some major house cleaning here at Aria Company!
Could you please move for a moment?
I wonder if he did as a favour to us, so he wouldn't be in the way while we clean.
Ribbit.
Ribbit.
Your right.
Yay, let's eat!
What's this?
...to spread the happy atmosphere of Aria Company all the way here to me.
Ai-chan, President Aria is totally hero-crazy at the moment!
It'd be nice if heroes like that were real, wouldn't it, President Aria?
Hey! You dropped something!
I almost never see you up here on the surface. Out shopping?
That's great!
President Maa!
Are you okay, President Aria?
Wait! You can't! It's already so late.
Yay!
Have you ever been there, Alicia-san?
Yep, this has to be it.
And when did all of the clouds clear away?
Yes. I work as an Undine there.
I take it you only just came to Aqua?
The two of us share a shining destiny,
Doesn't it feel like we're messengers of the sun?
Yep, they taste great.
Then, try the bread too. I baked it this morning.
Let's go back down to the bridge when we're done eating.
Once the climate stabilizes a bit more, I'll be able to grow vegetables without a greenhouse.
so I bought this new card recorder, but I've dropped it twice already!
It must be!
You said it two years ago, and five years ago too!
Pretty florist shops and all sorts of stores will open, won't they?
What?
So many miracles occurred, as if in answer to their wishes.
And now we have the Aqua we have today.
I feel like the planet's finally saying it's okay for us to live on this world.
HuhEh?
That's why so many people on Aqua keep cats as pets.
This was another wonderful year, wasn't it?
Resolutions?
Christmas with family, and New Year's with everyone.
HuhEh?!
Yay! President Aria! Long time, no see!
OhAh, you must be Akatsuki-san the Salamander!
Sideburns!
I've gotten to meet three of the people from your emails.
My, my!
Well, I have to be going.
You must be Akira-san, the Devildevil Instructor!
Let's see... Gnomes work underground to regulate the gravity, right?
You think so?
Yeah!
I'm so happy for her.
It's been a long time.
She's my great senior, the one who founded Aria Company.
Wait, President Aria!
Let's go, Ai-chan.
I'm glad.
Same here.
You think they're okay?
The biggest New Year's event in Neo-Venezia,
It can be anything you've used in the past year.
We Undines are throwing these!
That ribbon...
It's about time for the countdown.
Auguri means best wishes, and buon anno means Happy New Year!
It feels like the warmth is spreading all the way down to my heart.
You need your sleep.
And to all the people I have yet to meet...
My second New Year's Eve since coming to Aqua has arrived.
Each day on my second journey through Aqua's four seasons,
Okay! There we go.
We were saving this spot for you, Alicia-san.
Yay! President Aria! Long time, no see!
OhAh, you must be Akatsuki-san the Salamander!
That makes three I've gotten!
Beans?
Beans symbolize money, so they're supposed to bring you good fortune.
it's customary to eat food with beans in them at the end of the year.
We continue that custom here in this city, too.
They're pretty popular.
Whahuh?! Ai-chan?!
Yeah!
HuhEhh?
Good evening, everyone.
Good evening, Ai-chan.
Ai-chan!
President Aria!
A cat?
Yeah, probably.
Yeah. Let's pick them up as we go back.
Okay.
Akari-senpai and the little girl have been gone a long time.
That ribbon...
N-No... sappy...
Quattro!
I only just woke up myself.
Huh? Ai-chan's sister? Oh, here, take my seat.Would split if not for the short onscreen time
Aqua-chan.
I can feel the sun washing over my entire body.
I say, with my heart full of thanks:
What a beautiful sunset, isn't it, President Hime?
Whaa?!
He must have been so scared.
...to spread the happy atmosphere of Aria Company all the way here to me.
Take it to her?
You'd do that?
Pretty much, I have the day off from training today.
Sure! By all means!
You can't let that cat show you up!
Yay!
I wonder who brought him back.
I can't wait to meet her!
It's the perfect chance for some major house cleaning here at Aria Company!
It's a letter, isn't it?
Good job.
I'll start preparing dinner, then.
for dinner we have my special omurice!
What's this?
Take it to her?
Are you okay? President Aria?
All right, just keep your balance.
Oh!
I want to meet her, I want to meet her!
I can't wait to meet her!
It's just that I'm not motivated anymore.
I want to go down in Aqua's history as the number one Undine star of all time!
WhatWhoa! Don't tell me you don't know her?!
That's common knowledge in the water guide industry.
And so, the three of us were granted special leave,
WowEh, I wonder if I can do that.
I thought Alicia-san said Grandmother would meet us at the station...
Welcome, young Undine girls.
This'll help us spot customers among the crowds in the city!
Leave it to Grandma!
Ow!
Yes.
Please do!
Yeah, that's right!
It's also full of Grandma's love, too.
Eat as much as you like!
It's great!
Feels good, huh?
What's with you two? Shut up!
Fully refreshedFeel better?
Uh. Good night...
Oh, not only did we miss finding outI came here to learn the secret to being a great Prima,
Surely, since she was your number one student, you must have worked her so hard...
but the reason she's where she is now, is entirely different.
Good questionLet's see.
hhHonestly praising yourself when you try hard...
Do you find sculling your gondola fun?
If you make a wish three times while a shooting star is falling, they say it will come true.
You're too slow, Akari!
Okay! The next one for sure!
I'm aiming for number one in Aqua.
Grandma really is a wonderful person, isn't she?
...because it sparkles so brightly.
Wow, I can't wait!
If that's your dream, does that mean it's okay if people don't admire you now?
Uh, hmm...Eh, err
Huh? What do you mean, Aika-chan?
I want to go down in Aqua's history as the number one Undine star of all time!
That's common knowledge in the water guide industry.
Nope, I have a bookingsomeone scheduled for 8 o'clock tonight.
The fact that she founded Aria Company,
You should be proper and call her Grandmother!
Akari-chan, Aika-chan, and Alice-chan, right?
Akari, please!
In that case, once you've unpacked, could you go chestnut gathering on the hill behind my house.
I'll do my best!
Did you gather a lot of them?
Yes.
This is important training too, right?
Ow.
Wow, this is great!
It looks like the mountains are on fire, doesn't it?
True.
That was really delicious!
Uh. Good night...
She probably thinks we're not worth teaching!
Grandma has abandoned us!
Aika-chan, you're so melodramatic.
Neo-Venezia is a city, so the street lights keep it bright as day even at night.
She's one of the best Undines alive today.
HuhEh?
Don't tell me you made it past three times?
No, it disappeared while I was saying it the third time.
The number one energetic and wonderful Undine star.
But you're wonderful too, Akari-san.
It's a wonderful miracle when people get to meet.
HuhEh?!
Hello, thank you for call
Hey!
Is this love at first sight?
...I'll test my skills and become a professional Undine!
Um, I'd like a ride in Alicia-san's gondola please.
Somebody.
You can't get that feeling on Manhome, right?
So she's a freeloader?
Which one of us? That'd be me.
Yes!
Himeya Company's motto is Punctual with pleasant talk, so, uh...
You're delivery's way too stiff.
So, how's it fair to give her a free ride when she has money?
It looks hard to eat.
Thank you for the meal.
A little to the left!
Ai-chan, you wanted to meet Alicia-san, didn't you?
You said you wanted to ride in Alicia-san's gondola.
Especially to those you love.
Ah!
It's okay, really.
Okay.
My, my!
They were discovering all the little ways that they irritated each other on that trip.
Thank goodness.
WaitEh, everyone? Even people we don't know?
If we can't even handle this, then we'll never become full Primas!
That's right. The atmosphere is warmed up by the Salamanders working on Ukijima.
That's why we're able to walk outside like this, even in winter, right?
My, my, my!
We'll go on our next break.
HuhEh? What do you mean?
YayAhh! I'm gonna be at a hot spring with Alicia-san!
Yep. Have a drink? It's genmai tea.
I've really come to love these sunsets.
Please relax and enjoy your stay.
WhaHuh?!
I'm heading in.
Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
This is a hot spring?
This is superb.
That's true.
To tell you the truth, even on a vacation like today,
I guess you're right. I'm not much of a winter person,
No sappy lines allowed!
Alicia-san, are you sure we should?
Amazing...
A hot spring in the sea...
Me too!
My, my.
Wha?!
This is almost like a dream.
Let's stay up all night partying!
Not bad!
I'm serious!
After Aika, Alicia's next! I have to challenge you!
Snow?
Akari-chan, Aquan snowbugs live a very long time.
Ai-chan, it's true that Aqua's winter is cold,
I think I'm going to look forward to winter here from now on!
A hot spring?
Naked?
HuhEhh?!
Gotta get up...
S-So cold...
It's really cold, even with gloves on.
Oh! Sorry...
I figured that I better get the fireplace ready to use.
Yeah!
That's a snowbug.
Wow!
Go on back... to your friends, okay?
That's why we're able to walk outside like this, even in winter, right?
All right! I may be busy, but I'll do my best this winter too!
You haven't been to a natural hot spring before, have you, Akari-chan?
I don't think I need to bring Alicia-san, she's coming with
Oh!
OhEh? You think I can do it?
My, my!
Right.
Thank you for your kindness!
Yeah...
And Alicia-san's here with me instead of my loudmouthed mentor!
Don't you think Aika-chan looks a little too relaxed?
I feel like, as a Single, I should be practicing as much as possible.
Should I really be relaxing this much?
I guess you're right. I'm not much of a winter person,
I'm going into the bath again.
They say you should go into a hot spring three times.
Yeah!
Looks like we missed dinner, huh?
What's this, what's this? This place is dead!
Take that!
Maybe we should stop...
Snowbugs...
They're returning to the ash trees, so that winter can begin.
I see. It's time to say goodbye, huh?
No, never mind.
She acts like it's her company.
I'll get you something warm to drink.
OhEh? Is that sort of weird?
Wha?!
That's true.
Thanks for waiting!
Are we not supposed to?
My, my, my!
Gradually, it just became normal for the three of us to do group training.
The Palazzo Pisani Moretta is well-known for hosting masked balls.
OyEnough!
Okay! Then why don't you show us how it's done, Akira?
Since she never really sang, I never realised.
I wanted to be better at handling my oar and talking to people,
I still enjoy my work, and besides,
No... sappy lines...
Amazing how just hearing walnut bread woke him up.
Stop it, Akari!!
Huh?
Hey! No yelling allowed!
In the daytime, the sun is covered by a layer of lead-coloured clouds.
She acts like it's her company.
And then it started snowing, which really makes things hard
Good work on your cold-weather training, you three.
Alicia, I'll have some cocoa with fresh cream, please.
Yay! Alicia-san's special cocoa!
Athena-senpai, you act like this is your house.
Thank you.
so there were no other apprentices there when I joined.
And she'd make all sorts of excuses about it.
Just like Aika-senpai, huh?
OhEh?
I'm fine. This happens to me a lot.
If you know anything about that...
Huh?
The Palazzo Pisani Moretta is well-known for hosting masked balls.
Perfect! Okay, Athena, you're next. Give it a try!
Once we cross under this bridge, we enter the Grand Canal
Gondola, coming
Ah, stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Please, just stop!
OyEnough!
It's okay, Athena-chan. Just relax.
Well, I'm a little embarrassed, but I'll sing one song.
It's not like I was hiding it, though.
That's true.
Time has a way of changing everything. Sometimes gently, and sometimes harshly.
You can't compare things that you truly enjoy, can you?
Well, why don't we all have some of that walnut bread you brought, Akira?
My, my!
HuhOh?
They'll probably be talking till morning.
You're worried about all that talk before, right?
Nighty-night!
They're each just as important as the other.
Akari-san, somehow, I really want to see you again now.
Next time, That Soft Wish...
Let's spend a wonderful moment together.
Who are you?
Are you tired?
Didn't you say yesterday that there was someplace you wanted to go?
None of my customers have wanted to go.
Please do.
Wait, please!
President Aria, I'm coming right now!
Oh please, don't be broken!
And this is President Aria.
Um, is Pete-san the...?
Welcome to my Sunny Caf, where the sunlight warms up your whole body.
It's small, but it'll taste great.
HuhEh?! Really?!
We seem more and more alike all the time!
WhaHuh?
Akari-chan!
I'm so sorry!
UhAh, yes.
Let's go back down to the bridge when we're done eating.
Once the climate stabilizes a bit more, I'll be able to grow vegetables without a greenhouse.
Of course. It's the surest way of getting a message to someplace far away, you know.
Yep.
Hey everyone, let me introduce you to my friend. This is Akari Mizunashi-san.
You said it two years ago, and five years ago, too!
Even this town will become lively.
So many miracles occurred, as if in answer to their wishes.
Took 'em long enough.
I feel like the planet's finally saying it's okay for us to live on this world.
How is it that water can refresh everything... even your heart?
I was worried about you.
Next time: That White Morning...
Nope, not a bit.
HuhEh?
Oh please, don't be broken!
Hi. How do you do?
OhAh, this the uniform of Aria Company.
And this is President Aria.
I thought so.
Seems like a good fit for a slowpoke like me.
OhEh?
one which will light up Aqua in times to come.
Doesn't it feel like we're messengers of the sun?
I guess, although I smashed a lot of fingers doing it.
I have my tea out here on warm days.
Okay. This one should do. What do you think?
OhEhh?
OhAhh, the truth is I only came to Aqua a year and a half ago.
Sorry.
OhNo, it's okay.
Maybe you were just having a strange dream?
UmAhh... How do you do? I'm Akari Mizunashi!
It's fun to do things on your own, isn't it?
Aqua is a handmade planet.
People determined to create a world overflowing with happiness.
So many miracles occurred, as if in answer to their wishes.
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru
Okay.
Hey. Hello! Thank you for calling-
...why do you have to butt in, Sideburns?
Hello, thank you for calling! You've reached the Aria Company.
I'm afraid she's busy today. I'm very sorry.
Do you like gondolas?
Did you come here on your own? No, wait. That can't be.
It's inconvenient.
I knew it... It's nothing like how I heard it would be.
Let's see... it's been 150 years since Aqua was terraformed to allow people to live here.
Besides, a freeloader shouldn't get that much service.
These are a lot different from the ones you eat on Manhome.
Huh?
Right!
No one's faster than she is at back-paddling!
You knew?
The baked potato was so good, and that back-paddling was a lot of fun!
Huh?
Now I sort of want to hear her talk about Aqua.
I'm really sorry for any trouble she caused.
What? I really promise.
They were discovering all the little things that irritated each other on that trip.
They look so happy.
Because you're always at my side Zutto soba ni iru kara
Will surely fly over the rainbow Koetekuwa kitto reinboo
"Uh-huh"? Aren't you surprised?!
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru "Uh-huh"? Aren't you surprised?!
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru
Come, let's let others feel Nee, tsutaeyou
Right. So hold down the fort while I'm gone.
Could you go buy some?
Be careful!
No, not since this morning.
Oh, no! I didn't mean it like that!
You've been studying, haven't you?
Hey, Aika! What's the idea, lazing around the house like this?!
Right! I'm Akari Mizunashi.
C-Comedy duo?
Please don't say bad things about Alicia!
I'll go to the Aria Company.
What?!
Why should I have to apologize? Let's go, Akari!
Wow...
Akari! You've got rice on your face!
And it doesn't end there.
She'll say, "Don't sleep with your belly exposed!"
And, "Don't throw things around your room!"
Yeah, a devil! The Devil Instructor!
Well, they're all business rivals, aren't they?
I think it was about four years ago...
Hello there.
Yeah.
Or else I'll drown you in the Neo-Adriatic Sea!
Not allowed! Not allowed!
Right.
But if she wins, she gets to do whatever she wants.
Fine with me!
Huh?
Um, Aika? I don't think we're supposed to go this way.
I see. So that's how it is.
No sappy lines allowed!
All that "not allowed" stuff sounds a lot like Akira.
I wonder.
She may be stubborn and obstinate,
And I can feel my whole body relax Karada no naka hodoketeyuku yo
What are you talking about? We're both great Singles at this point!
Oh! She's still only a Pair.
Alice, huh?
So you still have to go to school, don't you?
There's no way I'm going to let her beat us now!
Good morning.
On your way to school now?
What a wonderful present! Thank you so much.
That girl was scouted by Orange Planet from her middle school gondola club.
I'm still just a trainee.
They idolize you.
Well, I've really come to like it, too.
Or worse than amateur!
Alice!
Oh, is that what this is?
Alice, why don't you come, too?
Thanks!
Heh... She really saved you that time.
The lion holding an open Bible represents justice,
Sideburns...
Still, I'm amazed a guy as short-tempered as you could wait this long for me!
Now I get it.
When you give someone a ride in your gondola,
I'm glad we made it in time. Thank you for using the ropeway. The cable car will be arriving soon...
So? How do you like your first vist to Ukijima?
Even so, even the falling rain Demo furidashita ame mo
Let's cross over all these rainbows we find Ikutsumo no niji koeteyukeru yo
Gather together all of the love Mune ippai no ai o
Unless they're really big feelings.
Know your limits as a Pair!
Wait just a minute!
When did you two get so friendly?!
Who are you?
Hm... Not there.
this was the only way to send long-range messages.
What's down that canal, President Aria?
Did you deliver it?
I'm glad.
My, my, my.
Wha? It's that far? What'll I do?
Please deliver me!
Anyway, I'm sorry about this, Alicia.
I'm thankful, but kind of sorry about that, too.
It feels great up here!
Okay!
What?! Are you gonna quit being an Undine?!
Um, not really, no.
I just think that's kind of wonderful.
Woody, what's that over there?
That's amazing. You can fly one of those?
But why would that little girl have a letter like that?
President Aria?
Oh, don't tell me you forgot! Today's our anniversary!
That's why I'll forgive you.
So do I. Honestly, I want to head out there right now to see you.
Won't bother me Ki ni shinai
Gather together all of the love Mune ippai no ai o
And the love that's always in your heart Kokoro ni wa itsumo ai o
When you're a child, you're sure they exist.
It doesn't say who sent it.
...the path that the wind takes Kaze no yuku michi ga A dolphin!
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru
Well, let's check it out!
It's gotta be this way! Or maybe not...
I saw your gondola on the beach, so I figured I'd head this way.
It gets your blood boiling and your muscles twitching, doesn't it?
Of course.
There's no place like this, even in Neo-Venezia!
Huh?
Yikes! And Akira!
We can work you as hard as we want!
My, my.
I understand. Also, my name is Alice.
Quite.
First, change into your swimsuits!
All right, then...
Aika! Where's that smile?! Never shoulda come here...
All right, Alice! That's the stuff!
Darn it...
Both of you, keep your balance!
Why are they coming out, too?
May I borrow your oar?
What does?
We made those blisters together... We got exhausted together...
A homemade lunch box from Alicia?
This is delicious, Alicia!
I had intended to give you special training for the whole day,
but you guys also need to take a breather.
Alicia... Thank you so much!
I thought our special training was over!
That's true.
What?
You can't take food that's too hot, can you, Akari?
What's with you?
This is how a real man's cooking should taste!
Nobody said anything like that.
The grilled rice balls are canceled!
The world looks wonderful when it's reflected in the eyes of a wonderful person.
Next Episode Next time, "That Which You Want to Protect..."
But once they realize it, they can see a glimpse of warmth in the face of the one who helped them.
"Because it had your feelings baked inside."
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou Did something happen?
Come, let's let others feel Nee, tsutaeyou The truth is, my left hand is worthless.
"That Which You Want to Protect..."
This is my room.
I found her abandoned three days ago.
If Aika was around, I'd discuss it with her.
Right...
Oh, there it is.
She forgets all the important details.
President Aria and I will be sleeping over in your room tonight.
No, not at all.
Alice, what are you doing?
I wonder if Maa's asleep.
This may be trouble.
What?
I couldn't even protect Maa.
Alice...
Athena...
Athena...
"Mean, huh?"
"Ai, there are times when we're helped by others."
That rainbow you see when the rain clears... Ameagari no niji miageta sora ni
Entertaining tourists is a lot of work, isn't it?
"I had plans to go out with my friend's family,"
Okay, now that everyone's here, let's begin your combination training.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru
Come, let's let others feel Nee, tsutaeyou
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e All right!
Miss Akira! Over here!
"Doing That Wonderful Job..."
It's a pleasure to meet you, dear guests.
Would it bother you if they were to ride with us?
I definitely want them to come with us!
The one in Undine Magazine!
Yes.
There it is, her sure-fire method of flustering customers!
The opera, huh?
There's a statue of the Virgin Mary down this way.
To be an Undine, you just paddle a boat and act nice. Anyone could do it!
Okay, next!
This building is a replica of the home of Marco Polo.
Looks like Undines have it pretty rough.
My, my!
Fine.
It's caramel tea from my favorite caf.
Are you okay?
It's a hard problem to grasp, even for Primas.
Or so I said, but we're stuck now.
Right... Right...
It's not your fault!
I'm not sure how good of an idea it is, but...
Ah... were you going to try and ask someone who knows their way around?
It's very slow, but there's a current in this water.
Akari, let's go!
Right.
Thank goodness. What's the big deal?
What, you want me to scold you?
The same old scenery, reflected along the shore Mizube ni utsuru itsumo no keshiki
Among the changing seasons... Utsuriyuku kisetsu no naka de
The dream you've painted will be granted to you Egaiteta yume kanaerareru yo
Next Episode That Melancholy President... That Cool Hero... "That Melancholy President..." and "That Cool Hero..."
but all the wonderful things will live on forever in our hearts
has seemed to sparkle like a precious treasure.
That Sideburns has some nerve, she's late!
My, my. Thank you.
Whoa! It was almost like I could actually hear Ai-chan's voice just now.
Akari-san, I'm here!
WhaEhh?!
Yeah!
Why is that?
My hand? Like this?
They're so pretty!
Alicia-san! Good evening!
You were able to come.
It's been a while, Grandma.
Yes, this is Ai-chan. She's from Manhome.
She's my great senior, the one who founded Aria Company.
Right!
Auguri... buon anno?
Otto!
Akari-san!
Yeah, Ai-chan!
Uno!
HuhEh? Ai-chan's sister? OhAh, here, take my seat.
OhAhh, she's so cute!
It's Aqua.
Yes.
The sunlight is so warm.
That's right. A brand new year, fresh and white, has just begun.
And the colours it will be painted with are up to us.
All right, Ai. It's about time we got back to the hotel. You need your sleep.
Hope to see you again!
This excitement in our hearts Kono tokimeki
"That Melancholy President..."
It occurs to the president that he should reward them with a home-cooked meal.
Chinese Red Chile Oil Red Miso Paste Szechuan Bean Sauce
He feels depressed because he's not needed.
President Aria has made a new friend.
Yeah!
Being a colleague, surely she will understand his feelings.
He must have been so scared.
And since everyone worked so hard today,
Rule 1: Deal with a case as quickly as possible!
Rule 3: Do not reveal your true identity!
I almost never see you up here on the surface. Out shopping?
Fiendish aliens, perhaps?!
Are you all right, President Aria?
He's saying: "I'm not not who you think I am."
There's a circus class nearby that I'm participating in,
Are you okay? President Aria?
You're not bad! Okay, just keep your balance, like that.
Keep at it.
Thank you!
As we drift quietly along Odayaka ni nagareru jikan to
Gather together all of the love Mune ippai no ai o
Next Episode
"Ai, we've changed uniforms for the season,"
The wind falls into a lull, and if you look back Kaze ga nai de furikaereba
You and I, together Anata to isshou ni
I want to go down in Aqua's history as the greatest Undine there ever was!
there was someone who reigned at the top of Aqua's boating world for more than 30 years.
And after she retired, that great person became a "mother" to all of this era's Undines.
That's common knowledge in the boating world.
Here, I have some hot milk with honey for you.
Thank you very much.
Well, why not ask her yourself?
Wow, I wonder if I can do that.
Jougasaki Village Lighthouse Cape Cactus Point Jougasaki Village. Jougasaki Village.
Yay! We're here, we're here!
Welcome, my dear Undines.
Can that be... Grandma?
please work us as hard as you can!
I see.
Wow! Look at all the fallen chestnuts!
...to train us how to instantly spot the high-quality ones from among the identical shells!
All right! I'll go get lots more, too!
Me too! I had a really fun time gathering them.
Me too!
Me too! Excuse me!
What?! When did she?!
Alice is just amazing.
It's amazing!
There's so much I want to ask her.
Um, Grandma? It's only 8 o'clock.
Get lots of sleep tonight.
Good night.
Oh, I came here to learn the secret to being a great Prima,
Aika, you're so melodramatic.
A once in a lifetime treasure...
her boat handling is incredibly fluid,
Praise yourself honestly when you try your best.
It's such a simple thing, but everyone always forgets it.
Someday, over the rainbow Itsuka wa oobaa za reinboo
Next Episode That Warm Vacation... Wow, it sounds like fun!
Right.
The wind falls into a lull, and if you look back Kaze ga nai de furikaereba
You can see the world shine in the sunset's glow Yubae ni terasare
The song of the stars Hoshitachi no uta ga
You're lucky you're a Pair. Both your hands are covered.
We Undines are professionals who must battle heat and cold...
So cold...
My, my! Welcome back.
It's that time of year to use the fireplace again, huh?
Akari?
Would you like to gather firewood today?
That's a snowbug.
The snowbugs on Aqua are many times larger than the ones on Manhome.
...and then they move to white fir roots in the summer.
What's going on? It keeps following me.
What's wrong, Akari?
Several Seasonal Delicacies You haven't been to a natural hot spring yet, have you, Akari?
But you know, this scene almost feels warm in a way, doesn't it?
Let's make a hat and muffler for President Aria.
Oh, not at all! I just happened to know a really nice hot spring!
Bellflower Room This way, please.
Wow.
Put your clothes into that basket.
Wait! Wait!
but the old couple who owned it had good taste.
Oh! A connoisseur!
It's delicious! It's delicious!
You need time to relax in order to get through the long, cold winter.
the sunsets that seem to fall lovingly on the houses,
Akari?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, I want to stop!
Snow?
There they go.
Next Episode Those Orange Days... Next time, "Those Orange Days..."
Next Episode Those Orange Days... Let's spend a wonderful moment together.
This time we call "now" is really...
And the sight is dyed deep into your heart Kokoro made mo somatte yuku yo
I can't believe how cold it is today!
Oh. Me too.
Yes!
Yay! Alicia's special cocoa!
Shouldn't we be here?
we decided to get together for a change.
I hear there's a really talented girl our age over at Orange Planet!
You there! Why don't you watch where you're sculling that gondola?!
My, my, my!
That's an Orange Planet uniform!
Of course! She may know that Single everyone's talking about!
The food might end up in weird places.
Weird places? Like where?
After that, Athena started to practice with us.
Gradually, it just became normal for the three of us to do group training.
Once we cross under this bridge, we enter the Grand Canal-
Ah! Come back! Ah! Come back!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Please, just stop!
You're the Single everyone's talking about!
At the time, I just couldn't accept being second-best at anything.
...won't be able to see each other every day for practice anymore.
I'll have more cream in mine, please.
I wasn't talking to you. But Aika, I didn't say anything!
I wasn't talking to you.
Akari, say goodnight to Akira and the others for me.
Hey! No yelling allowed! See you tomorrow! See you tomorrow!
The things we can never replace Kakegae no nai mono
Soon the dawn will come Yagate asa ni natte
I will remember them fondly Itooshiku omoeru no
I will remember them fondly Itooshiku omoeru no
"They're each just as important as the other."
...is where we found them, Mitsuketa no
Can you hear it? Yes, the song of joy is... Kiite, shiawase no uta wa
That rainbow you see when the rain clears... Ameagari no niji miageta sora ni
Next Episode That Soft Wish... Sometimes he leads me to wonderful and mysterious places.
What is this place? Is it Neo-Venezia?
Because really, it's just an ordinary bridge with nothing special about it.
Maybe what others see as just an old bridge,
Can I?
Shall we check it out, President Aria?
Yes?
The sunlight warms up your whole body.
Sure...
There we go. All done!
Huh?! Is it?!
Oh, I see.
Oh, I knew an amateur like me shouldn't have tried this!
Do you smell something funny?
I'm so sorry!
Uh, try the bread, too. I baked it this morning.
Yeah.
Let's go back down to the bridge when we're done eating.
What? You must be mistaken somehow.
You said it two years ago, and five years ago, too!
Akari.
Yes?
People who never gave up despite countless failures.
So many miracles occurred, as if in answer to their wishes.
Everything that sparkles and shines... Kirakira kagayaite mabushii no wa
Does so because you're here Kimi ga iru kara
The clear, crisp air and my smile, just as they are Sumikitta kuuki mo egao mo sono mama ni
Even though the seasons change, Kitsetsu ga utsurikawattemo
A rainbow-colored symphony Nana-iro no shinfonii
Are there in my heart Sore wa kono mune ni
Today will pass into tomorrow, on and on Kyou mo asu mo tsudzuiteku kedo Come on, let's go inside.
Kindness, with its gentle warmth Yasashisa o atatamete sotto
Filling your heart into a rainbow Atsumete yo kitto reinboo
Resolutions?
NO SAPPY LINES ALLOWED!! but all the wonderful things will live on forever in our hearts-
"the custom was to spend Christmas with everyone, and New Year's with family."
"That's why I'm headed out to Piazza San Marco... to celebrate New Year's with everyone."
What is it, Akari?
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e
It's the same scenery as always, but... Itsumo mirareteta keshiki na no ni Akatsuki! Woody!
"The result is an incredible amount of festivities."
Yay! President Aria! Long time, no see!
Just for you Yay! President Aria! Long time, no see!
Is bright sunlight Massugu na hikari o Yeah! Sis should be meeting me at dawn.
Big brother...
Don't lose it.
Let's see... Gnomes work underground to regulate the gravity, right?
Akari, this girl needs to be reined in!
It's been a long time!
Yeah...
Huh? What do you mean? This whole planet is Aqua.
Right.
I only just woke up myself.
Huh?!
Aika, you should say that stuff to me.
My, my!
May your new year be filled with happiness! May your new year be filled with happiness!
Good morning.
I don't have time to talk to you Sideburns. Bye.
Um, I'd like a ride in Alicia-san's gondola please.
Then you can take me.
Yeah, I guess.
Um... Well...
Your by yourselffscx150
Uh, no, that can't be.
Yeah, I suppose it is inconvenient compared to Manhome.
You have to walk a lot because there are no cars.
I have to buy ingredients for meals and make it myself too,
Still, it makes me happy to know I can do all that on my own.
I'm taking this girl along as a friend, not a customer. Her name's Ai-chan.
Which one of us? That'd be me.
At first, I came here because I dreamed of becoming a great Undine.
Really?
But it's not like either of us can accept her money.
It looks hard to eat.
He's gone.
Shouldn't the one who's better do the rowing?
President Aria!
Thank you so much, Alicia-san.
Well, see you later, Ai-chan.
Yeah.
Ai-chan, you wanted to meet Alicia-san, didn't you?
My sister came here for her honeymoon a while ago.
Yeah, and that's why she always treats me like a little kid.
I can't say I really blame you.
But I couldn't.
Yeah, you're right.
I want to ride in your gondola again, Akari-san.
Oh, that's right. Could you give this to Alicia-san?
Okay.
Resolutions?
HuhEhh?!
Okay! There we go.
Brother...
They're so pretty!
Wow...
Thanks, old man!
WhaHuhErehh?! Ai-chan?! What are you doing here?
My, my.
Oh, boy...
No sappy lines allowed!
That makes six, Akari-san!
Good evening, Grandma.
Good evening, Ai-chan.
I'm glad.
Then I'll... throw this.
Auguri means best wishes, and buon anno means Happy New Year!
Sette!
Sei!
Yeah, Ai-chan!
Huh?
HuhEh? Ai-chan's sister? OhAh, here, take my seat.
OhAhh, she's so cute!
HuhEh?
That's right. A brand new year, fresh and white, has just begun.
...I say, with my heart full of thanks:
Dear Ai-chan,
I'm really taking it easy today.
What with all those naps you take.
OhAh, you have a meeting with the Gondola Association, right?
Whoa...
This isn't working!
HuhEh?
Hang on, isn't that kitty...
Then that kitty is President Hime, just as I thought!
I'll take it for her!
I don't take that as a compliment.
HuhEh? Why not?
WhatEh?!
Aquamarine is said to be the name of a sea goddess that protects all ships.
Shut up!
Honestly! There's a limit to how soft that Alicia can be.
Yes, and if possible, please let me join Aria Company too.
Right.
Chewing me out, just like that.
You know,
Well, do you feel better?
You're joking, right?
And you, your my my's are annoying!
My, my! Tehehe!
That's right.
Fine with me.
It's all right.
Akira-san just suggested the race for my sake.
Let's just relax and head back by the scenic route.
I never knew there was such a beautiful square here.
No sappy lines allowed!
OyHey!!
I've started doing morning practice with Aika-chan,
and before I know it, I'm dripping with sweat,
OhEh? But we're not making much headway here.
That girl's incredibly good!
This is Aika-chan from Himeya.
Oh, Akari...
You're still growing, so you must be hungry after training, right?
Okay!
Not at all, this is nothing,
I guess I wouldn't mind either way.
and was to be the palace of the colonial governer who was in charge of the original settlers on Aqua.At the limit of line length here. BD alt: who was in charge of the original settlers on Aqua.
Oh, thanks!
Never mind that! Hurry up and tell me about the statue!
Salamanders protect us day and night without rest, don't they?
You really know how to put things, Sideburns!
Man, c'mon! He's still not here!
What's the idea, trying to look cool like that, hey?
Okay!
The people who emigrated to Aqua from Manhome
I'm glad we made it in time.
Good work, Sideburns.
I've got employee tickets.
...maybe I could even fly way up into the sky.
There, see? That's the power of a Single!
Yes?
Are you okay?
Where are you going, President Aria?
I wonder if this address is wrong.
Let me hang on to this letter for a bit.
What's down that canal, President Aria?
You promise you'll deliver it?
Yeah.
Well, if you find out the address, you should be able to deliver it quickly.
Yeah. No luck unfortunately.
Who knows?
But it's not somewhere you can get to in a gondola.
I have a favour to ask!
I only have one reservation this afternoon anyway.
Thanks for doing this.
Just leave it to me!
Right!
And here we are now, swimming in it like fish.
I'd rather you compare it to dolphins or mermaids or something.
UmAh, not really, no.Alt: "Um, that's not it."
There's nothing here, though.
Woody-san, what's that over there?
Huh?
And the people who lived here?
If that's true, the person it's addressed to is...
But why would that girl have a letter like that.
Maybe someone threw it away and she found it.
Allen, how are you?
I'm sure the water you're digging up is flowing in the canal in front of our home now.
And alsofscx150
Ami misses you, Allen.
When you're a child, you're sure they're real.
Could that be it? Is that Neverland?
Oh?
I'm lost.
What should we do, Alice-chan?
I wonder who's behind all this.
Maybe this is a plot against us by someone who holds a grudge against us.
Why are we running?
Neo-Venezia doesn't have any places like this, does it!
Isn't it obvious? Your special training.
Sorry.
All right!
This place isn't Neverland. It feels more like Never Give Up Land!
C'mon! Balance! Balance!
I hate to say it, but...
The last exercise will be a competitive race!
Can't move...
Alicia-san's homemade boxed lunches?!
Um, what sort of special training will we be doing next?
but you guys also need to take a breather.
Does it feel nice?
The Neo-Adriatic Sea has a lot of islands.
HuhEh?
We can't let her beat us!
Eat my dust!
You can't take food that's too hot, can you, Akari?You have a cat's tongue, don't you, Akari-chan?
Because forgetting a memory doesn't mean you've abandoned it, right?
Somehow, it's been a day full of wonderful things!
The world looks wonderful when it's reflected in the eyes of a wonderful person.
You're really nosy.
Not only that, it acts like that's the most natural thing in the world,
Oh, and another thing.
Huh?Eh?
The problem is that they don't allow pets.
Oh, so this is the Athena-senpai I've heard so much about!
Akari-senpai, do you want to stay over?
Say, Alice-chan.
It wouldn't matter. They can't change the rules, even for her.
Akari-senpai!
Alice-chan?
I couldn't even protect Maa-kun.
Mean, huh?
Weird, huh?
Let's spend a wonderful moment together!
Wow, I'm so looking forward to it!
I'm really very excited.
Understand? When your passengers board, have them get on one at a time, slowly.
Akira-san! Over here!
It's the real Akira-san! You're even prettier than your photos!
Are you okay?
This is President Aria of Aria Company.
The opera, huh?
If you'd like to enjoy the opera affordably, there are low-priced seats available in the gallery.
Huh?!
I'm terribly sorry, but I have to give these girls on-site training this afternoon.
WhatEh?!
Why don't I give you a full taste of our training?
Right...
Akari?
Now then, sir and madam, please look to your right.
Next.
Gondola, coming through.
Louder than that!
It's about break time, right?
Really? How wonderful!
W-What? No, not really!
Ah! Woody-san!
Yes!
Okay! It's getting late, so now it's time for the main dish of today's aquatic training!
This season is the most difficult time of the year for us Undines.
It's very slow, but there seems to be a current flowing here.BD: "to be a current in this water." Too literal; not natural English.
Right.
Aika-chan you're a crybaby!
It's really big!
No! Please don't go to any trouble on our account!
President Maa's prey?
My, my. Well then, why don't we ask the President what he does?
Yeah!
My, my, my.
Huh? What happened?
Let's make him ours!
Maybe I should take a quick look around?
Sure!
What's this?
Really?BD: Oh?
Is it good, President Aria?
Ai-chan, President Aria is totally hero-crazy at the moment!
What should I do? I have to stay with these packages.
Ah, Aika-san.
we aren't affected that much by the seasons.
Are you okay, President Aria?
OhWhoa or Hey, what's with this cat?
Oh!
Huh?
Yay, Ken-kun. I'll never lose you again!
Hurry up, you two, or you'll get left behind.
Next time, That Starlike Fairy...
President Aria?
Aw...!
OhAh, this is terrible, Alicia-san!
Ribbit!
What a beautiful sunset, isn't it, President Hime?
Sure!
Yay, let's eat!
Really?
Akari-san, somehow, it's like you've managed
You will...
Take it to her?
What are you doing dressed up in that weird getup, President Aria?
OhAh, President Aria!
Oh!
I can't wait to meet her!
Nope.
And you call yourself an Undine.
Wow...
She's known as Grandmother, and is honoured as the legendary Great Water Fairy!
Alicia-san, please help us!
Akari-chan, Aika-chan, and Alice-chan, right?
Akari, please!
There's no need to be so formal. Please, just call me Grandma.
No matter how rigorous your training may be,
This'll help us spot customers among the crowds in the city!
Not really.
We needed a lot?
Right, right.Alt: "Sure thing" The second "" sounds wierd. But it isn't Alice either.
I really can't wait!If it was Alice then: "Yeah, I really can't wait!"
Mr. Sweet Potato, Mr. Sweet Potato-san.
Oh, that reminds meAh, that's right!
That's really dangerfscx150
It looks like the mountains are on fire, doesn't it?
Phew, I think I may have overeaten.
You'll sleep here tonight.
Um, Grandma, it's only eight o'clock...
Amazing.
The way the stars twinkle makes it look like they're talking.
Now look, just why did we come out here?!
Fun?
Well, there you go, there's nothing I can really teach you!
WhatEh?! Really?!
Wow, I can't wait!
Next time, That Warm Vacation...
Of course.
Good morning.
So c-cold...
Get moving again and your body will warm up fast.
What's gotten into you?!
My, my! Welcome back.
Akari-chan?
Would you like to gather firewood today?
Wow...
and then they move on to white fir roots in the summer.
Well, we're busy with winter coming, so we have to squeeze in shopping when we can.
So Aqua's natural winter is actually much colder, isn't it?
That's why we're able to walk outside like this, even in winter, right?
What's wrong, Akari-chan?
Well, why don't you come too, Aika-chan?
Wow! Yes, please!
I'll try my best to keep up with you, Alicia-san!
You can see it now.
HuhEh?
Right.
There's even more back here.
Ah, paradise, paradise.
That's true.
The magic of a hot spring is that it lets you feel this relaxed, isn't it?
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Your companions have arrived.guests
I'm serious!
After Aika, Alicia's next!
Ah, I wanna stop already!
I see.
On a day like this, I expect those silver angels to appear again.
Alicia-san, we're back!
Athena-san. Akira-san.
I really can't wait.
Want me to take this in?
Maybe we should have been practicing with people from our own companies.
so I came, even though I didn't want to!Italics??
Her sculling and hosting skills must be fantastic already!
That's an Orange Planet uniform!Alt: That uniform's from Orange Planet
Right. Thanks.
Hey, could you at least tell me this amazing Single's name, or something about her?
Well, you don't look like the type who'd follow gossip.
You really are a pain.
Right.
All right! For today's practice, let's try some canzone.
So what if you're embarrassed?
All right!
You're the Single everyone's talking about!
Nowadays, we're so busy, we barely get to see each other.
by getting trapped thinking of the fun we used to have.Alt: thinking about
you'll never run out of things to enjoy.
OhAh, President Aria's awake now.
Thanks for seeing us home!
None of my customers have wanted to go there.
and I thought it looked like a wonderful bridge.Alt: "and I thought 'this looks like a wonderful bridge.'"
you see as being wonderful, Akari-chan.
And when did all of the clouds clear away?
Someone's there.
OhAh, same here, nice to meet you.
Thank you very much.
An Aquan year is twice that of Manhome, right?
Wow, that's amazing.
I have my tea out here on warm days.
Would it be okay?
Of course. I'm making stuffed cabbage rolls.
HuhEh Hm? About what?
Sorry.
WhaHuh?
It's fine! They're just a little burned.
Yeah.
Maybe you were just having a strange dream?
so I bought this new card recorder, but I've dropped it twice already!
Your right.
And now we have the Aqua we have today.
It's amazing.
How is it that water can refresh everything, even your heart?
They say cats are animals which bind the past to the future.
To connect the past to the future.
but all the wonderful things will live on forever in our heartsfscx150
has seemed to sparkle like a precious treasure.
My, my!
The result is an incredible amount of festivities.
HuhEh?!
Why is that?
Emails, huh?
That makes three I've gotten!
Wow!
I think your big brother might be a little cooler than you.
Oh, the gang's all here, huh?
That makes four!
Yes.
Nice to meet you. I'm Al the Gnome.
Okay, stop right there!
Meeting the people she only knows from my emails.
I'm so happy for her.
No sappy lines allowed!
My, my, what a darling little girl.
Thank you, Aika-chan.
Hey, Sideburns! Where are you going?
Just now...
It's strange, but it felt sort of... familiar too.
In that case, I'm glad!
I see.
Where have you been?
Um, well...
By the way, Ai-chan, did you bring anything to throw away?
Yeah.
When I think how this year, which has sparkled like a treasure, will soon be over, I... Italics or what???
Sette!
What's her name?
It's Aqua.
I say, with my heart full of thanks:
Tough on themselves.
So I'm saying, why won't she go easy on me for a change?
I bet you're dozing off right now, aren't you, Akari-san?
I can't see the sky from my room,
Take care.
and if we do things differently on this different sort of day,
Splish, splash,
Splish, splash,
Hang on, isn't that kitty...
Is that food for the President?
You have such a dignity about you, that I'd never guess you're only a year older than me.
Pardon the intrusion.
WhatEh?!
UUmm...
Aquamarine is said to be the sea goddess that protects ships.
Who knows...
Hey, Aika! What the idea, lazing around the house like this?!
All right.
I'll never come back to Himeya again!
My, my, my, my!
You want to stay over?
Special Aika-chan fried rice complete!
Oh, well, not really
Hey! Quit shoveling your food down! It's bad manners!
My, my, my, you really liked Aika-chan's kitty food, didn't you?
I thought I'd be able to spend the night with Alicia-san,
but she lives someplace else! What a let down.
Yeah.
When I said to myself, Someday, I'm going to be as wonderful as she is.
HuhEh?!
You've got 10 seconds to get down here!
Clothes! Clothes!
Three!
My, my.
You won't find a nicer or better mentor than me.
I'll name some right now!
My, my. Hee-hee!
My, my. Hee-hee!
That's what she said.
Huh?
Aika-chan, wait.
That's fine, but where are you going?
Akira-san just suggested the race for my sake.
She's the only person who's treated me with total honesty.
If that happens, I think I'll have a talk with the company.
We quit the race.
My, my!
Ehh?
My my, what is it?
No, you're Pigtails...
My second summer... is just around the corner!
A-ka-ri.
I'm sorry, she's fully booked.
I'm still an apprentice, I can't take customers on my own.
It is rocking, though...
I thought so!
Ai.
Eh? No...
So she's a free-rider?
C'mon, hurry up and get off.
Well, of the both of us, that would be me.
Huh? Why should I?
What are you doing?
Miracles?
Ehh?
Really?
Back on Man-Home, Akari accidentally practiced rowing backwards.
She's invincible at backwards rowing!
A little to the left.
That means you're my friend, too.
Aren't you glad?
so I asked Mom and Dad.
The buttered potato was delicious, and the backwards rowing was fun.
Yes.
Join us for a fabulous time!
That's right. That's an important attitude to have if you want to be a professional Undine.
I bet you're dozing off right now, aren't you, Akari-san?
Akari-chan?
and if we do things differently on this different sort of day,
Splish, splash,
Hmm? Maybe this isn't the right way.
Huh?
It's really coming down...
Would you quit talking nonsense and just come in already?
Aika-san, you know where Akira is?
I'll take it for her!
Well then, please do.
It feels like you're saying I'm like an old lady.
WhatEh?!
Aquamarine is said to be the sea goddess that protects ships.
...to appoint a blue-eyed cat as their company president.
C-Comedy duo...?
Not only did a Single like you take along a customer on her own,
Salt.
You're quite the cook, aren't you, Aika-chan?
Don't go to bed without brushing your teeth!
My, my, my, you really liked Aika-chan's kitty food, didn't you?
but she lives someplace else! What a let down.
Wanna ride to where the river forks?
She secretly gave me a ride in her gondola because I was so sad.
If only I wasn't the heir to Himeya,
then I would have definitely joined Aria Company!
You're joking, right?
Clothes! Clothes!
Well, this is rare. It's been a long time, Akira-chan.
She's here 'cause this is Aria Company!
What don't you like?
There's Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia
My, my!
No my, my, my's allowed!
Okay.
Follow me, Akari.
Oops a daisy!
I'm basically the heir to Himeya.
and then one day, you discover a different side of her.
I guess it's really true what they say about the student being like the master.
She's a good girl.
You're really annoying.
That's why you treasure that moment when it comes, right?
When did I open the window?
karada no naka hodokete yuku yo I can feel my body relaxing.
A new world!
Umm... I want to ride Alicia-san's gondola...
Ah, umm...
Well, hurry up, let's go.
They're slow.
It's difficult, isn't it...
Ai-chan.
So she's a free-rider?
Huh? Just wait a sec, what does this mean...
Himeya: The company Aika works for.
I want her to come to like Neo-Venezia before she returns.
Back on Man-Home, Akari accidentally practiced rowing backwards.
Well, see you later, Ai-chan.
She sure is...
Yes, so she always treats me like a kid.
Because of you two, it looks like I've come to like this city without realizing it.
I had fun, too.
More importantly, are you really leaving today?
They must have been bewildered finding out about parts of each other they didn't like for the first time.
Coming to love the parts you hate... It takes a bit of effort, but...
An important person...
It might have been a miracle born of Ai-chan wanting to love her sister even more.
utatte yo iku ate mo nai kedo even if it's got nowhere to go.
To become a professional undine, it's an important attitude to have!
Alicia-san! Alicia-san!
It's a flood! The floor has been flooded!
During an Acqua Alta, the town pretty much comes to a stop,
Shall we go buy your food?
You can't tell how far the street goes, like this.
Splish, splash...
...splishity-splash!
Huh?
Stop saying stuff I don't understand, and come in.
Normally people take it easy at home today.
Dunno, I haven't seen her since this morning.
That's right.
Eh?
Here you go.
I dunno...
Aren't you from Aria Company?
She's always been like that,
Alicia-san is kind, unlike you, Akira-san.
Yeah.
I won't come back to Himeya again!
Please!
It's not just with undine skills,
It must be because of business rivalry.
Really?
I was really down,
I had nowhere to go.
Okay...
Now, let's get you home.
With that unique seductive smile of yours,
And your skin is whiter than mine!
Not allowed!
You two will have a race now.
Get set.
I said they weren't allowed, didn't I?
Oops.
That's right, the walnut bread here is Akira-san's favorite.
She is the only one who faces up to me.
If that happens, I'm thinking of changing companies.
I quit the race.
Huh?
Eh?
Good morning, Akari-chan.
On That Special Day...
and if you do something different from the norm, on a day that's different from the norm...
...splishity-splash!
Thank you.
Just what you'd expect from Himeya's only heir...
Eh? No way!
Eh? That's not what I meant!
Why do undine companies have cats with aquamarine eyes as their president?
You don't have to say it like--
What?
Yeah.
For starters, I'll make a delicious dinner as a test of my skills.
Geez, if Akira-san were here...
That's right. So because I love Alicia-san, she's jealous.
and secretly let the depressed me on her gondola...
Get down here before I count to ten!
Alicia, why are you here?
What do you dislike?
That over-confident side of yours.
Giggles aren't allowed either!
My my.
Huh?
Because I'm the heir to Himeya,
The only one who doesn't is Akira-san.
Akira-san is like the Acqua Alta.
and brings out a different side of you.
Because she admires you, she might really do her best.
Excuses aren't allowed.
I hope I can be like that with Alicia-san too one day.
demo furidashita ame mo But don't worry about the rain that has fallen,
kanaete yo kitto aoi tori the bluebird will make it come true.
koetekuwa kitto RAINBOW overflows and forms a rainbow.
Huh? The current flow became more complex.
so the difficulty is higher.
Quiet, you.
I'm Alice from Orange Planet.
Hey, hey, stop, stop!
But you didn't need to pick that many!
Ehh?
They only opened for business 10 years ago,
Good morning.
Yes, excuse me.
No, the pleasure is all ours!
Yeah.
Ah, she's leaving! What are you going to do?
That person's smile... was kind of different.
Do you have the day off from your salamander job?
It's okay if I'm not a customer, right?
Please look to your right.
as the Minister of Immigration's palace for processing the people who had migrated.
Oh... You're becoming quite good at this, Pigtails.
To the right is the Basilica di San Marco,
and protects the peace of these lands.
It's just like Akatsuki-san, isn't it...
You must have some really important business.
He's unusually slow.
Undine girl...
Proceeding slowly and calmly...
Akari-san.
Good work, Pigtails.
I have residential tickets.
Wow! What do you want to do, Alice-chan?
you can become one with the wind as a reward!
Now let's row, towards the shining waves. saa kogi dasou hikaru nami e
Eh? But I don't think we've gotten any better.
Oh, she's still a Pair!
but they already have over 100 establishments like we do.
Oh, good morning.
Welcome to Orange Planet!
The new issue's out, isn't it...
Oh, she's the one from before!
No wonder she was so stuck up.
Okay, let's have our snacks when we get back.
Have you forgotten?
Not at all, this is nothing...
Salamander: Flame Keeper Weatherman.
Working above the sky is amazing!
Ah, Alice-chan!
Eh?
Oh... You're becoming quite good at this, Pigtails.
To the right is the Basilica di San Marco,
This city is dotted with them,
It's just like Akatsuki-san, isn't it...
Akatsuki-san... To kill time during moments like these, it's good to observe people!
That's the first time I've seen you smile!
You look kinda happy.
What are you trying to look cool for, huh?
Yes?
There's still some time before the final outbound departure.
This is my first time to Ukijima.
koetekuwa kitto RAINBOW overflows and forms a rainbow.
No way!
That Undeliverable Letter...
That's right, we might be able to.
My my, will you go for me too, President Aria?
Where are you going, President Aria?
Oh, it's a data card inside.
Is it that old?
it's not all that strange to think that people still use this.
Maybe her parents are really old?
What's wrong with that waterway, President Aria?
Overcome time and space?
Ami, do we have a guest?
Yeah, unfortunately...
The address doesn't exist, but there is a place with the same name as the destination.
See ya, yo!
When it's this hot, there are days like this.
Geez, going out of your way for something you don't know much about.
Leave it to me, yo!
Well then, take off!
Swimming?
That's right!
That's right, most of it.
It's because of someone's efforts, yo!
It looks like it, yo.
I think I saw something just there in the sea, yo.
It looks like the Kai Tak Base sunk into the sea, yo.
It looks like the letter's age is about the same year he passed away.
Well then, President Aria, if you please.
Ah, don't tell me you forgot that today was our wedding anniversary.
I've just delivered it.
But it might just be that all of Aqua is made of these heart-warming miracles.
Like "The Big Embarrassing Remarks Tour"?
This is the ability of a Single!
I'm sure it will.
W-Wha?!
Goodbye!
It's a wonderful job to be able to deliver someone's treasured feelings.
egao ga sugu koboreru A smile is immediately brought to my face.
Somehow, this scenery makes me feel like hurrying home.
Eh?
Is it that old?
But why would such a small girl be sending such an old letter?
I understand.
What a bright sun.
I'm sorry, not yet.
You promised me...
So just wait a little longer, okay?
Kai Tak Base?
I know the approximate location.
Alicia-san must have mail ordered it.
Yes, I have it.
Mental preparations, okay?
Well then, take off!
That's right, most of it.
I think it would be good if undines could do that too.
Ah, that's right.
Yes!
Let's go see, yo!
Are these... gravestones?
It looks like the Kai Tak Base sunk into the sea, yo.
I found you, Akari-chan!
Hey, Akari-chan!
Eh?
President Aria...
Well then, President Aria, if you please.
Only a little more until the predicted levels.
That's why we are excavating the water."
te no hira no ue ni sotto noseta Quietly sitting on the palm of my hand,
atsumete yo kitto RAINBOW gathers and forms a rainbow.
I never thought of it as a fairy tale.
Aside from the fact that there's nothing here,
fsp0.5Because the sender is unknown, I thought it was a prank by one of my seniors at the company, but...
"The second shining beach on the right"?
Huh?
Are you saying that seriously?
Embarrassing remarks aren't allowed!
Umm... Start what?
And then more intensive training!
I'm sorry...
Listen up... To row a gondola, a strong lower body is important!
This is kinda fun, like an attraction at an amusement park!
You're not getting any better.
That was made by me, though.
So this is the sea, right?
and I had become Peter Pan!
Ehh?
Sure!
And what happened then?
That's right, so I stopped looking for it.
Even though it's something I forgot long ago...
Aika-chan do you have--
Make sure you eat your vegetables, too.
You have a cat's tongue, don't you, Akari-chan...
Haven't you heard about Akira-san's grilled rice balls?
Who's a man amongst men?!
I think it's okay like that.
Perhaps, the very planet called Aqua might be Neverland.
Huh? It's kinda...
I want to hear her magnificent singing voice...
me wo tojite mietekuru I close my eyes, and can see...
"The second shining beach on the right"?
The beach really is shining!
Geh! Akira-san?!
Akari-chan, you don't have to be so tense.
My my!
That's right.
Listen up! Don't be afraid of falling into the water...
Hey, don't forget your balance! Your balance!
Yes!
Aika, what happened to your smile?
You're lacking spirit! Spirit!
We want to be like that too, don't we...
And finally, a competitive race.
But it's kinda nice, isn't it...
What is?
"What"? Well... Getting blisters together...
Well then, it's lunch time!
Yeah, this sandwich is good, Alicia.
Umm... What kind of intensive training do we have after this?
There were so many colors, it was like I was flying through the sky...
That's right, then let's jump together!
Yeah.
Hey...
They're superb! Superb!
Perhaps, the very planet called Aqua might be Neverland.
Thank you for inviting me today!
kinishinai zutto soba ni iru kara because I'll always be by your side.
Handling an oar is really more important than singing!
It's really bad.
Left Hand Campaign?
fsp0.76Doesn't Athena-senpai look similar to the person that was singing that wonderful song just before?
since Athena-senpai is really spaced out.
Really?
President, we're back.
Punishment.
Alice-chan, the left hand might not be that useless after all.
Eh?
Bye...
Athena-senpai knew about Maa-kun...
Athena-senpai...
Maa-kun...
I didn't notice at all...
you sang then, too, didn't you?
The left hand was a really big helper!
Akari-san, well, those buttered potatoes...
But because of that, I didn't feel so down, and I was filled with a warm feeling.
You won't be so happy about that later.
Unnoticed feelings are hidden in places you can't see...
She had a really, really pretty voice, didn't she?
Alice-chan, could it be that you're in a bad mood?
saa kogi dasou hikaru nami e Now let's row, towards the shining waves.
It's really bad.
Should I help you out, since I'm older?
If something happened, don't hesitate to tell Big Sis...
kono tokimeki kaze ni naotte Can this yearning be healed by the wind...
I've come to realize recently just how useless my left hand is.
That's why I'm in the middle of the "Left Hand Punishment Campaign."
It's just what you'd expect from Orange Planet, the top undine business.
I picked him up three days ago after he was abandoned.
I'm not anyone suspicious!
Eh? Is that okay?
There's no ketchup.
and frequently spills drinks.
She forgets the most important things,
I wonder if Maa-kun is asleep.
Maa-kun is crying.
I'm sorry.
I'm glad.
Bye...
The left hand has been supporting me from the shadows quite a bit...
No, you can't think the worst...
I couldn't even protect Maa-kun.
Maa-kun...
To Maa-kun, Alice-chan is someone important.
I'm glad you found him.
He is going to be... Orange Planet's new president.
kokoro ni wa itsumo ai wo The love that's always in my heart,
Join us for a fabulous time!
Aika-chan, we should be thankful that Akira-san's training is so tough!
Over here, President.
We're going to start with practical training. Are you three ready?
Throughout the morning, you will ride with the customers in my gondola and observe.
While doing that, be careful that the gondola doesn't float away.
Aria Company...
You were in Mensile Undine!
What's this cat?
each company has one as their president."
Yes, we decided that we had to have our honeymoon on Aqua.
Today's opera is "Carmen."
This is certain-death customer teasing.
The opera is expensive, right?
I see.
Fine.
She's kinda scary.
This is normal...
That's a big package, isn't it...
Sure, yo!
It seems pretty hard for undines, too.
What'd you come here for, Alicia?
My my.
It's good.
If it suits your taste, I can give you some leaves.
Ah, I'm sorry...
So as a conclusion for today,
It's really unexpected.
Listen up, you lot.
Please be quiet and wait until it's over.
Akari-senpai, Aika-senpai...
One, two!
Don't worry about me.
Aika-chan is a crybaby!
Yes! Let's eat!
Let's hurry along.
I got scolded by Mom yesterday.
Gah!
All right!
Akira-san! Over here!
it would have to be with Akira-san.
I'd love it if they came with us!
Aria Company...
You were in Mensile Undine!
Yes.
Umm...
This is Orange Planet's President Maa.
Fenice?
Since he rode from the first station, he would be sitting, but...
Umm... Can you guide us around in the afternoon as well?
We will participate in the training too!
But we'll be able to see undine training for ourselves!
Anyone can be an undine if they are courteous and can row a boat!
Mizunashi Akari, starting!
Please do your best!
You're good at explaining things.
Hmm? Yeah...
Will we be okay?
Gondola coming through!
I'm so happy I get to have tea with Alicia-san!
Anyone would fall for her after seeing Alicia-san's photo in this magazine...
How many times do I have to tell you?
Are you okay?
Well, it's getting late so it's time for today's aquatic study main dish!
It's no use after all.
It failed, huh?
All right!
Will you be okay?
Like usual, okay?
What's wrong, Aika-chan?
Stop calling me that!
Eat up before it gets cold.
Akira-san may be really strict, but...
It's a letter, isn't it...
Ribbit, ribbit.
Ribbit.
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit.
Do you think I should look around the area?
Then I'll start preparing dinner, okay?
President Aria is reading it again, isn't he...
so we don't feel the effects of the seasons...
Are you out on a walk, Aika-san?
There's a nice one close by!
Ah, thank goodness.
Ah, you picked them up.
Yes...
Join us for a fabulous time!
I don't know. I'm not really sure myself.
kaze no yuku michi ga The direction the wind is taking.
HE IS DEPRESSED AT HOW UNNEEDED HE IS
EMERGENCY FOOD RESERVE!
Ribbit?
Ah! So cute!
Akari-san,
The "Nyan Nyan Pu" picture book...
Hey, you dropped something!
She can't hear me?
Ah, that flabby belly must be... President Aria?
It's been a while since you've been above ground.
Are you out on a walk, Aika-san?
That's good, that's good!
THE DOLL GOT DIRTY
I wonder who brought him back...
I won't drop you anymore, okay?
Just kidding.
utsuri yuku kisetsu no naka de In the middle of the changing seasons,
ameagari no niji miageta sora ni Look into the sky at the rainbow that came after the rain,
kokoro ni wa itsumo ai wo The love that's always in my heart,
Preview
Eh?
Next time: "That Star-like Fairy..."
If that's your dream, does that mean that people don't have to admire you now?
You're really melancholic?
Ah, that might be it.
Ehh? Really?
but one day also the Legendary Great Fairy,
Don't tell me you don't know?!
Navigation, canzone, people skills...
Wow...
That's right!
Thank you very much.
Hurry, hurry.
Wow, what a wonderful place.
Apparently this village was made based on Man-Home's countryside.
It's really beautiful!
and become great Primas as soon as we can.
Eh? Lots?
Well then, please dig up some sweet potatoes!
Alice-chan is amazing, isn't she...
Grandma!
It's fun, isn't it...
You'll find sweet potatoes in all sorts of shapes!
Is it ready yet? Is it ready yet?
Let's do roasted chestnuts, too!
Ah, that's really--
Say that kind of thing earlier!
Food that you pick yourself really does taste different!
It's a bath heated by firewood.
Wow!
What happens if it ends with just playing?
Do you feel refreshed?
Wow, tatami mats!
Yay!
Because Neo-Venezia is a city,
And still, just why did we come here?
My my.
It is true that I did guide her, but...
She is an expert at enjoying everything.
It truly is a wonderful thing... living each day.
Because Akari-san's smile shines just as much as the stars in the night sky.
They're really rejuvenating, aren't they...
Next time: "That Steamy Holiday..."
mada shiranai takara mono wo the undiscovered treasure...
Yeah!
Don't tell me you don't know?!
She was perfect with everything,
Thank you very much.
We're going to slack off at this rate!
Aika-senpai is the only melancholic one here.
Hmm, let's see...
Being too cheerful isn't allowed!
Yes.
It's all yellow!
You don't need to be so formal.
This person is the Legendary Great Fairy,
the woman who started Aria Company!
Aika-chan, you're speaking strangely...
Okay then...
Wow, there are lots of fallen chestnuts!
This is training!
Don't you two understand?
I'll boil them later, okay?
Please do!
Yes, yes.
Wow!
Grandma!
Umm...
This is really exquisite too!
It was really delicious!
What happens if it ends with just playing?
So what? Shuddup!
This time for sure the class is going to start!
so make sure you don't sleep in.
Goodnight.
I'm sure we're all so bad that we're not worth telling,
Because Neo-Venezia is a city,
Yes?
She is an expert at enjoying everything.
Eh? Really?!
Grandma really is an amazing person.
That Steamy Holiday...
That's right.
Of course.
Good morning.
It's cold...
What are you doing?!
It's cold...
During spring they hide behind the leaves of the Japanese Ash,
That's why you can only see them like this in this period just before winter starts.
so it's best to get everything out of the way now...
Salamanders are the source of Aqua's warmth, aren't they...
What should I bring to the hot springs?
Ah, Mailman-san!
People have started using their fireplaces all over the place, haven't they...
Doesn't this sunset make you yearn for home?
Let's knit President Aria a hat and a muffler, too.
Welcome.
Put everything you take off in there.
Yeah.
it's also pretty tasteful, isn't it?
It's superb, isn't it...
It's like I'm doing something bad.
I'm sure that hot springs are a warm gift from Aqua's earth.
This way.
My heart is really beating.
Alicia-san...
We're here now.
It connects to the ocean!
But, but...
It'd be a waste not to swim when it's this big.
Yeah...
Excuse me.
Good evening.
I need to sweat a little more before entering the hot spring!
Akari-chan, Aqua's snowflies live for a very long time.
They've gone, haven't they...
When that happens, we won't...
Akari, let's go to the hot springs! Hot springs!
Hot springs?
Ehhh?
Akari-san, it must be getting close to winter on Aqua, right?
Aqua's winter is cold, isn't it...
It really is cold.
kaze ga naide furikaereba When the wind dies down, if you look back
What are you doing?!
That's a snowfly.
so it's best to get everything out of the way now...
Hot springs.
Really?
What about you, Alice-chan?
Do you want to knit too, Akari-chan?
Women; Men
Here's yours, Akari-chan.
Wait.
It really soaks into you.
My my my.
The truth is, on days off like these, I feel like I should be practicing because I'm a Single...
Here we go!
I think I might fall asleep again.
Athena-senpai...
You're not into it, are you...
No way!
Snow?
atsumete yo kitto RAINBOW gathers and forms a rainbow.
The time we share now is really...
Aww!
It's unusually chilly today.
Do you want to do a round-trip marathon around San Marco Square?
It'll warm you up.
Yay, it's Alicia-san's special cocoa!
My my my! Athena-chan is very considerate, isn't she...
Can't we be here?
So Alicia-san invited you two over, right?
If it wasn't for me organizing events like this all the time,
I'll carry these out.
Thanks for waiting!
Here you go.
Do the three of you always practice together?
Here you go.
Is anything wrong?
I guess practicing with people from your own company would be better...
Right?
Yes!
Since Aria Company always liked to keep things on a small scale,
Just like Aika-senpai.
Hey, you! Watch where you're rowing that gondola!
I'm okay.
My my my!
That's right! She might know about the rumored Single!
I heard a rumor that there's an amazingly skilled Single at your company...
My my my!
and it became natural for the three of us to do combined training together.
So you never met that rumored Single?
The Pisani-Moretta Palace is also known as a hall to hold masked balls.
Once we pass this bridge, we'll--
You're welcome.
Okay, first up is Alicia.
The three of us were together every day.
I knew that.
But... at least I'm content with how things are now.
Embarrassing...
Yep, it's just like Athena-chan said.
and couldn't see the fun now... It would be a shame, wouldn't it?
Isn't it okay since it's been so long?
See you tomorrow, 'kay?
Hey! Yelling isn't allowed!
But there are things that never change.
Both are just as precious.
What is it, Alice-chan?
anata to issho ni sagasou undiine Let's search together, undine.
Alicia, I'd like cocoa with fresh cream.
Thanks.
Could it be that we shouldn't?
Do you want to hear about back then?
while giving some excuse.
But if there was someone like that, we should've found out right away...
Hey?!
That's right! She might know about the rumored Single!
So you don't know?
The food will enter weird places.
Weird places? Like?
You're really nosy.
If you'd like a tour, I can arrange a booking. What do you think?
Ah, wow!
Okay. It's embarrassing, but I'll sing a song.
Because I wanted to be better at handling an oar and speaking,
That's true...
Embarrassing...
and couldn't see the fun now... It would be a shame, wouldn't it?
I'm sure things that are truly fun can't be compared.
Well then President Aria, could you pass out plates for everyone?
Hey, Akari!
Yes?
It's okay.
itsuka hanashite kureta ai no uta It's because one day, that love song you told me...
futsuu no mainichi ga itooshiku omoeru no ...I feel these ordinary days are precious.
Lots of things change with the flow of time... But there are things that never change.
atsumete yo kitto RAINBOW gathers and forms a rainbow.
Is this Neo-Venezia?
Are you exhausted?
No, not at all.
Yes! The oldest bridge in Neo-Venezia.
Have you ever been there, Alicia-san?
Why don't you go?
Ah, this is Aria Company's uniform.
Don't you know?
Wow... That's amazing.
What do you think?
We won't have to go to the outskirts of the city to pump water after today.
Eh? Water in the waterway?
Ah!
Huh?
Eh?
I guide people around the city in a gondola.
Eh?
That's right! I wanted to take a picture of the water coming,
That's a data card...
It'll be okay.
President?
Stop it, everyone!
Ah, sorry, I couldn't stop myself.
Did I?
Yes?
It's a planet made with the hands, sweat and feelings of countless people.
It's like it's slowly filling up my heart, too.
This is the beginning.
It's said that cats are animals that connect the past and present.
it'd be nice to see a wonderful miracle as well.
Is it winter at the moment?
We just shoveled off the snow, and it's going to pile up again, isn't it...
Really?
This is it, isn't it...
Yep, this is the one.
And the clouds have suddenly cleared up, haven't they...
A cat is the president?
Yes... Ah! Is it common knowledge on Aqua?
What do you think of Aqua?
Umm...
Is that okay?
Eh? That today's the day water will come to our waterway.
Probably.
Ah!
Hey, you said you were an "undine"?
Ah, yes.
I guide people around the city in a gondola.
Eh? Ah, well, we're open but not getting business at the moment.
It'd be a huge shock if I couldn't take any pictures.
Of course. Because excluding short distance,
Ah! Sensei!
Ah, sorry, I couldn't stop myself.
Don't act so high and mighty, Gachamon.
So it's no good this time too?
It's okay.
It's okay.
If the water comes, more people will come to Aqua.
itsuka hanashite kureta ai no uta It's because one day, that love song you told me...
Aqua is going to be a planet living in happiness, isn't it...
todoku to iina chiribameta hoshi wo atsumete and gathered the scattered stars.
Avvenire means "future," doesn't it?
utatte yo iku ate mo nai kedo even if it's got nowhere to go.
futari de OVER THE RAINBOW the two of us over the rainbow.
Preview
That Bright White Morning...
Even though it sounds sad,
Embarrassing remarks aren't allowed!
Pigtails and the others sure are late.
Even when I came early just to get a seat for Alicia-san...
Eh?!
She's quite a cute girl, yo.
Yo! That's a cute little girlfriend you have there, Lil' Bro.
it's custom to always eat a bean dish at the end of the year,
That's a tourist gift. They're pretty popular.
See ya, ladies.
Ah, everyone's here.
I wanted to spend New Year's Eve with everyone, so I came over.
My my.
Yes, this is Ai-chan from Man-Home.
Akari!
Where are you going?
We'll be back soon.
President Aria!
I'm sorry. We lost sight of President Aria.
It's pitch black.
Yeah...
President Aria?
Ah, could it be...?
Yeah.
Let's pick them up as we walk back!
Yes.
We're back.
Huh? What are you saying?
The countdown is about to start, isn't it...
Ai-chan, the new year's greeting is "Auguri, Boun Anno," okay?
and irreplaceable precious times...
It's been that kind of year.
That's right, but a very wonderful type of selfish.
Auguri! Boun Anno!
We fell asleep without even realizing it, didn't we...
Oh, Big Sis!
Eh? Ai-chan's sister?
It's Aqua.
Alicia-san, in order to become a professional undine, I'm going to give my best this year too.
It's a very bright, white and brand new world!
The baby has gotten much bigger since we saw it last time in the photo, hasn't it...
To the people who created this wonderful planet...
Every single day of the second year that I've spent on Aqua has shined like a treasure.
and New Year's Eve with everyone.
My my.
kaze no yuku michi ga The direction the wind is taking.
nee tsutae you Hey, tell me...
sumiwataru sora e to tori ga habataku yo The bird flaps its wings toward the clear sky.
Now that I think about it... Where's your sister?
hey hello my friends
E-mails?
Every Day konna hibi ga omoide ni kawatte mo Every day, these days are changing in our memories
What?
My my.
it's custom to always eat a bean dish at the end of the year,
That's a tourist gift. They're pretty popular.
Aren't you glad?
See ya, ladies.
Your brother might be cooler.
Okay, stop there.
Yes, this is Ai-chan from Man-Home.
Where are you going?
Yeah!
Yeah, probably.
Ah... We'll know by the light, won't we...
I wonder if they're okay.
My my, welcome back,
Where have you been?
Umm, well...
Something to throw?
Embarrassing...
Cinque!
Good morning.
Ah, she's cute!
I think so too.
She was really cute.
Auguri, Boun Anno!
kinishinai zutto soba ni iru kara because I'll always be by your side.
ikutsumono niji koete yukeru yo Pass over the many rainbows,
chiisana hikari hoshi ni negai Wish upon a small shining star,
I close my eyes, and can see
When you hear all sorts of sounds,
Here in Neo-Venezia, spring is about to come to an end.
A-ka-ri.
Not only is it just as I imagined, its more; its love at first sight!
Umm, I want to ride Alicia-sans gondola...
Ah, President.
Youre going to practice, right?
Im with Mom and Dad.
Its rocking after all.
I want her to come to like Neo-Venezia before she returns.
the feelings of the people who wanted to build a city gave birth to...
Do you want one?
To the left a little.
Okay.
Amazing, amazing!
That was cool!
She sure is...
When she came back from her trip, all I heard were stories from Aqua.
Its not like I dont understand...
I thought if I came for myself I would like it, so I asked Mom and Dad.
Yes.
If you come again, Ill make sure it happens somehow.
They look happy.
An important person...
But dont worry about the rain that has fallen,
Its a wonderful miracle when people get to meet.
While it rocks to the sound of the waves,
kaze no yuku michi ga
Have a good trip; take care.
Hey!
Here in Neo-Venezia, spring is about to come to an end.
My second summer is just around the corner!
Im sorry, shes fully booked.
Then you are fine.
I used to live on Man-Home too.
Im with Mom and Dad.
Are you checking up on me?
Cmon, hurry up and get off.
Well, of the both of us, that would be me.
Huh? Just wait a sec, what does this mean?
Umm, its been 150 years since Aqua was terraformed so that people could live here.
I want her to come to like Neo-Venezia before she returns.
Yup, I love it!
The inconvenience, the slow-moving time, all of it.
the feelings of the people who wanted to build a city gave birth to...
Really?
Sure sure, thanks.
President, were going.
President!
Wouldnt it be better if the more skilled person rowed?
That means youre my friend too.
Alicia-san was beautiful.
Because you know, you want to talk about things you like, right?
Is that so? Yeah, thats right.
Ah!
Its really okay. Because when I come again, I want to ride Akari-sans gondola again.
Ill do my best.
The newlyweds who started fighting in the gondola...
An important person...
because Ill always be by your side.
and take me to your side, Undine?
I cant see the sky from my room, but its probably cloudy today.
Yes, be careful.
you might make a new discovery!
Splash, splash...
Huh?
Splish, splash,
Splish, splash,
Thats not a compliment...
President Himes blue eyes are always beautiful, no matter how many times I see them.
Why do Undine companies have cats with aquamarine eyes as their president?
I wonder who first decided that having a blue-eyed cat as president was a symbol of assurance.
Ah, Akira-san!
But going out in a gondola on a day like this
Wow, harsh.
Yes. Im Mizunashi Akari.
Single: Single glove, proof of being an apprentice Undine.
Shes always been like that, always laughing stupidly
Alicia-san is kind, unlike you, Akira-san.
If it were Alicia-san, she wouldnt unmercifully yell at me without asking why!
Aika-chan!
Really?
but Dont go to bed without brushing your teeth!
Shes just really loud.
On one side Akira-chan can be tough, but the truth is shes really kind.
You think?
Eh?
It got wet.
Swap with me, Akari!
Its been a while, Akira-chan.
My my.
There it is... With that unique seductive smile of yours,
Ill do it too, Ill do it too, Ill do it too!
We swore wed become Primas together...
Both arent allowed!
Not allowed! Not allowed!
giggle My my! giggle
Thats fine, but where are you going?
Walnut bread?
She slowly fills up your heart,
Thats true, so if she thinks she should go back, shell lose on purpose to keep her pride.
I hate that part of you!
My mys arent allowed!
It sits quietly on the palm of my hand,
The gentle wind brushing against my cheeks...
Yup!
Acqua alta?
the direction the wind is taking.
When this acqua alta is over, the true summer will start for Neo-Venezia!
On that special day...
I think Ill probably be back by nightfall.
Take care.
you might make a new discovery!
Splash, splash...
Eh?
You have a dignity about you that makes it feel like youre not above me.
Eh?
Eh?
Ill go to Aria Company.
Im going, Akari.
For starters, Ill make a delicious dinner as a test of my skills.
What happens if you arent able to go back
you never see them together, do you?
Eh?
When a girl changes her hairstyle, it changes the way she walks.
Sure there is...
Like Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia-san, or Alicia
My my!
Did she say childhood friend?
Okay, then lets do this.
Then, um, what about the race?
They say the student is like the master, but it really is true.
Shes a good girl.
te no hira no ue ni sotto noseta
While it rocks to the sound of the waves,
Aquas sunlight has felt like summer since morning.
the direction the wind is taking.
and take me to your side, Undine?
Whaat?!
Ill show her the ability of a Single!
Youre really nosy.
If we really could become one with the wind, we could spread this scent all over Neo-Venezia.
Yes, excuse me.
Excuse us, could we...?
Yeah.
I heard you made a junior cry.
I just turned her down when she asked me to autograph something.
Which one should I have?
President, you dont have to be scared.
Do you have the day off from your Salamander job?
Trouble?!
Ah, Alice-chan!
Pigtails was only about to show me around.
It was originally built when the migration to Aqua began,
Hey, Pigtails, whats that?
Ah, thats...
Lying to your own feelings, just to be courteous.
Thats why Akatsuki-san and others like you are Aquas guardian deities.
Huh? Well...
Yes!
Eh?
I will accompany you.
It really is.
If I did...
The two of us, over the rainbow.
In my heart, love always overflows and forms a rainbow.
Why are you so happy?
Come, lets row toward the shining waves.
Eh, I wonder if I can do it...
Pair: Two gloves, proof of being a trainee.
Fourteen.
Wait, Aika-chan.
And lots of employees, too.
You also had an interview, didnt you?
Shes said to be a genius at handling an oar.
I just turned her down when she asked me to autograph something.
Which one should I have?
President, you dont have to be scared.
Im waiting for someone, but theres no sign of him showing up.
Were friends, right?
Ah, Alice-chan!
If youre going to be rough with an Undine, Ill tell the tourist society!
Lets practice guiding a tourist around with Akatsuki-san!
Im telling you they arent pigtails...
The lion figure with the open scriptures is a personification of justice,
Ukijima: Floating island.
Alice-chan, are you okay for time?
But Im surprised you waited; you usually disappear if the weathers even slightly warm.
Akari-san.
Its amazing.
te no hira no ue ni sotto noseta
It sits quietly on the palm of my hand,
Sing the secret melody you used to hum,
I close my eyes, and can see
Is pasta okay for dinner?
Yes.
Once youre done there, could I get you to go to the bakery for me?
Because it doesnt look like well have enough for breakfast tomorrow.
Come, lets row toward the shining waves.
Sure.
Are you okay?
this was the only method of contacting someone over a long distance.
its not all that strange to think that people still use this.
Ill check into it when I get back to the post office.
Thank you very much.
Sure thing.
But why would such a small girl be sending such an old letter?
Overcome time and space?
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
So its like you thought?
Where is it?
Even if its impossible, is it okay to tell me?
Yeah, there was a time when they were making oceans on this dry planet.
Hey! I have a delivery for Aria Company!
Well, I have delivered it.
Please deliver me!
Please go easy.
Destination map, okay?
There she goes.
Well take a break on this island up ahead!
What are you doing?
I think I saw something in the sea just now.
Dont give up! Lets go look for some kind of clue!
This base dug up more water than expected,
I wont forget what you said when we came to Aqua.
Even though there are a lot of hard times now,
Ive just delivered it.
Well pass over many rainbows.
Ehh?
Even for people who are apart and cant see each other, its possible to deliver their feelings.
I wonder if us Undines can do that too.
Did you see that?
Since when have you two been such good friends?
Once youre done there, could I get you to go to the bakery for me?
kaze ni notte anata no moto e
Where are you going, President Aria?
Who are you?
Maybe her grandparents are really old?
I understand.
Ami, do we have a guest?
A gift.
Heat fatigue?
My my my!
My my my!
Yeah, unfortunately.
Where is it?
Because there were countless bases, we dont know whats happened to each and every one of them.
Itll probably take a month.
Eh? That long? What should I do?
Thats something to be thankful about... and not.
Well then, take off!
Are you okay, Akari-chan?
Okay! Lets keep going!
Theres nothing here, is there...
There are buildings in the sea!
Maybe he isnt here anymore...
That kind of accident wasnt unusual,
and once it no longer had a destination, it became a lost letter.
Eh?
You promised her, didnt you?
The mailman found for a card reader for you.
Ah, dont tell me you forgot that today was our wedding anniversary.
Things have been hectic since suddenly coming to Aqua, hasnt it?
So Ill forgive you.
I wont forget what you said when we came to Aqua.
Ahdont, Ami!
What that girl wanted to deliver were these feelings.
Im glad. A letter really can overcome time and space to deliver your heart.
Im glad you were able to deliver those treasured feelings, Akari-san.
Wish upon a small shining star,
I close my eyes, and can see
Wow!
Come to the second shining beach on the right?
Huh? That way?
Im lost...
Eh? Hello?
Aika-chan too! Eh, why?
The second shining beach on the right?
Geh! Akira-san?!
Thats right, its intensive training until you vomit blood!
Well do our best...
Shes one of the Three Water Fairies, along with Alicia-san and Akira-san.
How can this person be having fun?
Youre lacking spirit! Spirit!
We want to be like that too, dont we?
Yeah.
What, you say? Well, getting blisters together, lying together, that kind of thing...
I want to eat it!
Akari-chan, youre always looking at the sea, arent you?
So this is the sea, right?
There were so many colors, it was like I was flying through the sky and I had become Peter Pan!
Sure.
What a strange feeling.
Yeah, its like the craft of an artisan, isnt it?
Havent you heard about Akira-sans grilled rice balls?
Wow, I want to eat one already!
But when I was older, I knew it was just a fantasy.
You cant throw away whats important to you.
Whats wrong?
The love that fills my chest gathers and forms a rainbow.
In my heart, love always overflows and forms a rainbow.
Ai-chan, when I was a child I was sure Neverland existed!
But I never thought I would really be able to go to Neverland!
My my!
The gentle wind brushing against my cheeks...
Hey, tell me, this excitement...
Aside from the fact that theres nothing here, theres no one here either.
Huh? It should be this way...
Are you saying that seriously?
Huh?
No, not really.
Also, it seems that Athena went to the wrong island by mistake.
Is Athena-san your senior?
Thats right.
Aika! Crouching isnt allowed either!
I shouldnt have come.
Both of you need to keep your balance!
We will show you how its done now.
And finally, a competitive race.
Ehh?
No way!
Thats right, in the afternoon...
Ah yes, because you cant swim in the sea back on Man-Home anymore,
Sure.
Hey...
This is kind of wonderful.
Well then, Ill make em now.
Thats right.
ki ni shinai zutto soba ni iru kara
I want to meet Athena-san right now!
Eh?
Next time: That thing you want to protect...
Ehh?
She had a really, really pretty voice, didnt she!
If something happened, dont hesitate to tell Big Sis... or not?
Unlike the right hand, its completely incapable of writing since it cant even hold chopsticks.
and take me to your side, Undine?
That thing you want to protect...
Ehh?!
Okay.
Yes, thats her.
Sweet!
Really?
Neither of them are bothered by it at all...
Ah, Senpai, please have your bath first.
Really?
Maa maa, did you have a nice bath, Senpai?
It was lucky that Athena-senpai started singing.
Okay!
Akari-senpai!
Maa-kun!
And then he ran away...
Maa-kun!
YYeah...
one day over the rainbow.
the bluebird will one day be flapping its wings.
We can ride on Akira-sans gondola?
Thats why you live without knowing about them.
karada no naka hodokete yuku yo
Alice-chan, Alice-chan!
kaze no yuku michi ga
Alice-chan, could it be that youre in a bad mood?
Thats why Im in the middle of the left hand punishment campaign.
He makes the sound maa, so I named him Maa-kun.
Were the ones who are surprised.
Excuse me for intruding; Im Mizunashi Akari of Aria Company.
Yes, thats her.
Its been okay so far, since Athena-senpai is really spaced out.
Umm, when did you get this water?
Eh?
She forgets the most important things,
Why would you go that far?
Your president looked like Maa-kun, didnt he?
What are you doing, Alice-chan?
Punishment.
Im glad.
YYeah...
Alice-chan?
Where did you go, Maa-kun?
No, you cant think the worst...
Welcome back, Maa-kun.
And yesterday, to hide Maa-kuns cries?
I talked to the company...
Eh?
As of now Im starting the thank you left hand-san campaign.
In the middle of the changing seasons,
The love that fills my chest gathers and forms a rainbow.
Its really exciting, isnt it!
We had plans to go out with a friends family,
Over here, President.
Youre late!
All right, now that everyones here, lets start our combined training.
Hey, tell me, this excitement...
All right!
Come, your hand, please.
Yes!
and is extremely popular among female customers.
Are you okay?
Um...
Whats this cat?
President?
That building is Neo-Venezias first opera house and the one everyone admires, the Fenice Theatre.
Here you go.
The opera, huh? Its expensive, right?
As expected.
Where did you two meet?
Its a small statue, but it is very beautiful.
Well then, we must say goodbye here at Marco Polo Square.
Im truly sorry, but in the afternoon I am doing practical training with the girls.
Akari-chan, hey!
Please do your best!
This building is a reconstruction of the house Marco Polo grew up in.
Will we be okay?
It looks like were going to collide!
Gondola coming through!!
My my.
Ah, thank you.
Then go that way!
That way is a real dead end!
WWWWhat should we do?
I dont know.
You have to follow through with your own mistakes.
And we have customers who are on their honeymoon, dont we.
Here I go.
Okay.
Whats all this about?
Stop calling me that!
No! Not at all!
Theres no point in punishing someone who has seriously reflected on something.
Even though she is so kind to customers.
because I think she truly cares for them.
Thats right!
Thats right, itll overflow from your heart every time.
His flabby belly?
Im sorry...
All right, now that everyones here, lets start our combined training.
saa kogidasou hikaru nami e
Come, your hand, please.
Who are these girls?
Pleased to meet you.
Ah, youre Alice-chan, right?
Wow, lucky!
It means phoenix.
It might be similar to your husband.
Im truly sorry, but in the afternoon I am doing practical training with the girls.
As the customers.
Yes...
Ah, Woody-san, hello!
Eh, ah... I was just suddenly happy...
Suwa!
Next.
Yes.
Gondola... coming through.
My my.
Are you okay?
The most difficult time for us Undines is during this season.
Its really unexpected.
Its no use after all.
It looks like well have to wait until the water level goes down after all.
Okay.
Eat up before it gets cold.
What? You want to be scolded?
but those words are filled with warm feelings,
utsuriyuku kisetsu no naka de
Thats right, itll overflow from your heart every time.
ameagari no niji miageta sora ni
President Maas prey?
Join us for a fabulous time!
I think I want to know...
Presented by Project79068
That depressed president...
Food reserve
Emergency food reserve!
President Aria is late, isnt he?
That cool hero...
Ah, that flabby belly...
Its been a while since youve been above ground. Are you shopping?
All right, keep your balance.
Yes...
What can we do? Where did you drop him?
II dont know!
Im sure God brought him back!
Im glad.
I want to meet that person!
kaze no yuku michi ga
My my my.
Ah, this is bad, Alicia-san!
Eh? Whats wrong?
Look at this, Akari-chan.
Ribbit?
Ah! So cute!
Its a pretty sunset, isnt it, President Hime?
With nowhere to go, President Aria ended up coming back home.
Do you think I should look around the area?
Yay, lets eat!
My my my, hes really caught up in Nyan Nyan Pu, isnt he?
That cool hero...
This is a problem; I cant leave the packages alone...
Drove enemy back!!
Ah, Aika-san.
I havent seen him before... is what she thought.
Thats right.
Keep it up.
No! Ken-kun!
II dont know!
Im sure God brought him back!
Just kidding.
along with the gently flowing time...
Im sure youll be fine, Aika-chan!
Do you feel sick or something?
Come, lets row toward the distant future.
Ehh? Really?
Do you want to hear my dream?
and become the number one Undine star with my name eternally recorded in Aquas history!
Whoa! Dont tell me you dont know?!
Thank you very much!
But the fact that she is Aria Companys founder means that
We will overcome any rigorous training, so please dont hold back!
Its not a matter of getting lots!
This is training! Dont you two understand
Theyre both sweet potatoes, but their shapes are so different!
Whoa! When did she?!
President Aria, Grandma is a kind person, isnt she?
Wow, its delicious!
Thats right.
What a nice smell!
Delicious!
It was really delicious!
Theres so much I want to ask...
Aika-chan, shall I wash your back?
So what? Shut up...
Do you feel refreshed?
Good night, Grandma!
My my, theyre still up.
but the reason shes reached her present status lies elsewhere.
Things you see, things you hear, things you touch...
Even though its a very simple thing, everyone forgets it.
Yes, yes...
All right! Next time for sure!
Im aiming for the best in Aqua, the number one energetic and wonderful Undine star.
The dream you painted will be granted,
The love that fills my chest gathers and forms a rainbow.
Hot springs, huh? I wonder what kind of place it is!
Theyre great! They really warm you up!
Next time: That steamy holiday...
If Im going to grow old, Id like to reach a wonderful age!
Even if they dont now, Im sure
Weve had a change of attitude, and are putting effort into our practice...
nee mitsukeyou mada shiranai
And Akari-senpai, that legendary great fairy-san was Aria Companys founder.
No, I have a booking for eight oclock tonight.
she is both my and Alicia-sans great senior!
Im already really excited to find out what kind of person she is!
Yes!
Hurry, hurry.
What a superb view!
Me too!
Whoa! When did she?!
Grandma!
Is it ready yet? Is it ready yet?
I tried to warn you!
Its got lots of Grandmas love in it too.
Ehh?
Is this okay? We were supposed to come here to train...
Make sure you eat lots.
Lets eat!
Thanks for the food.
You have really sensitive skin, dont you, Aika-chan?
Thats good.
Since we always sleep on beds, a futon is sort of refreshing, isnt it?
Everything she does is truly top class.
Because Akari-sans smile shines just as much as the stars in the night sky.
mizube ni utsuru itsumo no keshiki
utsuriyuku kisetsu no naka de
habataite itsuka aoitori
Theyre really rejuvenating, arent they?
Join us for a fabulous time!
If its cold in the morning, I feel like staying in bed.
Presented by Project79068
Aika-chan, youre warm.
Its cold...
Its the season to use the fireplace again, isnt it?
Yes?
so why dont we take this one back with us before they get there?
All right then, come with us!
we can walk outside like this even in winter, right?
My my my!
Everyones preparing for winter, arent they?
They warm you to the bone.
Even if I cant, Ill make sure I can!
All right. Well then, lets all go to a hot spring together!
Shes in a world of her own, isnt she.
Hey.
Itd be nice if waterways in the wintertime were like hot springs too, wouldnt it?
Im sorry for leaving the booking up to you, Aika-chan.
Yay, I cant wait.
Wow.
Theres more back here.
Lets eat!
Its superb, isnt it.
Its okay. Im happy, so leave me alone.
I was so relaxed that I fell asleep...
Its like Im doing something bad.
Being able to take it easy is the magic of hot springs.
Alicia-san, is this okay?
Me too.
Yeah...
Akira-san.
Its okay; Im sure youll meet up next winter.
Listen, its a song of happiness.
Naked?
I gotta get up...
Presented by Project79068
It must be nice being a Pair; both hands are warm.
Yes, since its become quite cold,
Huh?
Ah, whats this?
Wow.
Yes! I can carry lots!
Wow, Aqua is usually much colder, isnt it?
All right, even though its busy, Im gonna do my best this winter too!
Thats right.
I havent; Ive only ever seen them on TV programs.
What should I bring to the hot spring?
People all over have started using their fireplaces, havent they.
Its really cozy, isnt it?
Wha?
Huh? Whats wrong, Akari?
Ah, Alicia-san!
Slow and clumsy girls arent allowed.
Embarrassing remarks arent allowed!
Now then, after having a nice bath, its the much anticipated dinner time!
Lets eat!
Geez, you couldve said something.
An ocean hot spring...
Me too.
Alicia-san?
Akira-san.
Im gonna enjoy this all night!
Ah, I wanna quit already!
but to make up for that, there are many wonderful things.
Id like to see Neo-Venezia in winter too.
mizube ni utsuru itsumo no keshiki
utsuriyuku kisetsu no naka de
We will be professionals one day.
When Im curious about something, I cant swallow my food.
Come, lets row toward the distant future.
the undiscovered treasure. Together with you,
Shes treating it like its her own company.
Ah, me too.
Here you go.
Eh? Is that sort of weird?
Its not really a problem.
Ill carry these out.
Here you go.
Yes, thats right...
Thanks.
Athena, youre laughing too much.
Whats this, whats this, whats this?
Faceplant?
My my my!
Weird places? Like?
and it became natural for the three of us to do combined training together.
Umm, to your right, wait, left...
Once we pass this bridge, well
Hang in there, Athena-chan!
Athena-senpai has always been really dopey, hasnt she?
Well, its true that shes dopey...
Okay, first up is Alicia.
My my my.
My personality cant accept defeat without doing anything.
it kind of makes you think it isnt true, doesnt it?
Thats true.
because time is something that is sometimes kind, yet sometimes cruel by changing everything.
Embarrassing...
And heres one point of advice:
Isnt it okay, since its been so long?
Its okay.
Yelling out our names is definitely not allowed!
Before long it will be morning, and today and tomorrow will continue...
But I feel these ordinary days are precious.
When I go out with President Aria,
and the sky is full of lead-colored clouds.
Illuminated by the sunset glow,
hoshi-tachi no uta ga
Gah!
Yes...
Here you go.
Ill carry these out.
Thanks.
What, what? Could it be that shes angry?
I grudgingly came again today because I was told to scout out Aria Company.
Thats why Akira-chan came over to the company a lot, while giving some excuse.
Shut up.
I am Athena.
By the way, theres something Id like to ask you...
I heard a rumor that theres an amazingly skilled Single at your company...
Are you saying Ill turn into a cow?
Weird places? Like?
From that point on, we started practicing with Athena-chan,
So you never met that rumored Single?
Wow, just as expected from Akira-chan!
Ah, wow!
Ahh! Wait!
Ah, why dont we all eat the walnut bread you brought?
My my.
See ya then.
kakegae no nai mono sore wa kitto mune no oku afurete
Something irreplaceable is in this heart.
odayaka ni nagareru jikan to
utsuriyuku kisetsu no naka de
In my heart, love always overflows and forms a rainbow.
it might appear wonderful to you, Akari-chan.
Presented by Project79068
Whats wrong, President Aria?
Please wait!
Ah!
Ah, this is Aria Companys uniform.
This is President Aria.
Ah, my name is Mizunashi Akari.
I think it suits a carefree person like myself.
We both glow warmly, and are fated to become the light that shines over Aqua from now on.
Hey, it looks like its warmed up outside.
Ill make cabbage rolls.
Eh? Know what?
Ehh? Really?
Akari-chan!
No matter what happens now, itll stand firm!
Eh?
I got your hopes up, and it turned out like this.
I baked it this morning.
Ah, yes.
What kind of job is that?
Thats right.
This side of the bridge?
and I bought a new card recorder... but dropped it twice!
Ukijimas shape is sort of different too.
So this really is...
President?
Dont poke him! Its cruel.
Delicious bakeries, small cafs, and cute florists...
Aqua is a handmade planet.
A handmade planet?
People who try to make a planet overflowing with happiness while not giving up after many failures.
Because that love song you told me one day
With the clear air and your smile staying the same,
Its a painful feeling when you curl up like a kitten,
Yes!
itd be nice if I met with a wonderful miracle.
The two of us, over the rainbow.
Why are the waterways dry?
Its a very mysterious place, isnt it.
Ah!
Ah, same here, pleased to meet you.
Yes, from Man-Home.
Im Hoshino Akiko.
Sure!
Im home, Pete.
Hes a bit shy...
Yeah, but I hurt my fingers a lot.
Embarrassing remarks arent allowed?
Ill make cabbage rolls.
Im done.
Were even more similar, arent we?
Akari-chan!
An amateurs makeshift attempt is bad after all, isnt it?
Now that I think about it, theres hardly any snow on this side of the bridge, is there?
Huh?
Yes.
Dont poke him! Its cruel.
You always say that.
I wonder. Im not getting my hopes up.
Akari-chan.
If the water comes, more people will come to Aqua.
Youll do all of them yourself, wont you, Akiko-san?
itsuka hanashite kureta ai no uta
The beginning of all the wonderful events.
Aqua is going to be a planet living in happiness, isnt it?
Im glad I came to Aqua.
Well then, I should be going.
Itd be nice if it reached beyond the night sky, while gathering scattered stars.
Akari-chan sure is late.
futsuu no mainichi ga itooshiku omoeru no
Sing the secret melody you used to hum,
kanaete yo kitto aoitori
Im thankful for the miracle of meeting you this year.
Next time: That bright white morning...
We decided?
Ehh?
and New Years Eve with everyone.
My my.
Come, lets row toward the shining waves.
Hey, tell me, this excitement...
and take me to your side, Undine?
No problem; here you go.
Huh?
Thats right, wheres your sister?
My my.
My hand? Like this?
But you cant eat glass beans.
Your brother might be cooler.
Ah, everyones here.
Why are you here?
What kind? Just normal ones...
Have you been well?
Oh my my, President Aria, Im glad youre in high spirits.
Wait, President Aria!
Ai-chan, wait up!
President!
Yeah, lets pick them up as we walk back!
My my, welcome back, Akari-chan, Ai-chan.
Where have you been?
Aqua.
Something to throw?
The greatest event of New Years Eve in Neo-Venezia
That ribbon...
I see, its a commemorative ribbon, isnt it.
Whats wrong, Akari-chan?
Thats right, but a very wonderful type of selfish.
Dieci!
Nove!
Ah, shes cute!
Its Aqua.
I feel like its warming me to the bottom of my heart.
See you later, Akari-san.
Wish upon a small shining star,
Ai-chan, today is the 31st day of the 24th month.
My second New Years Eve on Aqua has come.
Ah, when I was living on Man-Home, Id spend Christmas with everyone,
and New Years Eve with everyone.
The gentle wind brushing against my cheeks...
namioto ni yurarete
Id like to show Ai-chan this too...
Ehh?!
The casual swaying of the sound of the waves connect, and hey!
Ai-chan...
Pigtails!
Yo, thats a cute little girlfriend you have there, lil bro.
Ai-chan, what do you mean by got?
Beans are a symbol of money, and are said to bring good fortune.
Thats a tourist gift. Theyre pretty popular.
Yup!
Thanks, old man.
My my.
Embarrassing remarks arent allowed.
Ehh?
Good evening, Grandma.
Grandma, this way, please.
President Aria!
I wonder why.
I dropped them.
Ah, well know by the light, wont we?
Akari-senpai and Ai are late, arent they?
I wonder if theyre okay.
Aqua.
Now that I think of it, Ai-chan, did you bring something to throw?
Auguri! Buon Anno!
Good morning, Akari-chan, Ai-chan.
Sis!
Okay then, Ai, its about time we returned to the hotel.
Goodbye.
Alicia-san... Auguri, Buon Anno!
To this wonderful planet, Aqua...
But dont worry about the rain that has fallen,
The two of us, over the rainbow.
The love that fills my chest gathers and forms a rainbow.
People meeting other people is a wonderful miracle.
Huh?
The window... When did that get opened?
Okay.
Still, the customer might not be satisfied unless Alicia came along.
Um... Excuse me...
Then let's get going. Here.
Help me.
Uh... No.
Let's see... it's been 150 years since Aqua was terraformed to allow people to live here.
What's with you?
At first, I came here because I dreamed of being a great Undine.
Miracles?
No sappy lines allowed!
But neither of us can accept her money.
Gotcha!
She's fast!
President Aria?!
I can't say I really blame you.
I rode in other gondolas, but they were no fun at all.
But I'm glad you let me ride with you today.
Especially to the people you love.
I was just thinking how much I want to tell my sister about today.
No sappy lines allowed! Especially from me!
...hurry up and become a Prima Undine, okay?
My, my, is there ever a day that isn't wonderful for you, Akari?
Let's spend a wonderful moment together.
"Dear Ai,
"I'll bet you're dozing off right now, aren't you, Akari?
but I'd like to see Neo-Venezia like that, too.
but today's probably cloudy.
Would you quit talking nonsense and just come inside already?
The Acqua Alta is really something else!
Well, but...
Thanks.
I don't take that as a compliment.
Yeah, I wonder.
No sappy lines allowed!
But, going out in a gondola on a day like this is-
And I have to pay for it.
Right.
Aika...
Please, I'm begging you!
My, my, my.
"Hey! Quit shoveling your food down! It's bad manners!"
Really?
And, "Don't throw things around your room!"
but I'd sooner call her a devil.
I thought I'd be able to spend the night with Alicia,
I see.
You're kidding, right?
There's Alicia, Alicia, Alicia, Alicia, and... oh yeah! Alicia!
Oh my.
That's how it's always been!
My, my.
My, my. Hee-hee!
Okay, how about this?!
If Aika loses, she goes home without another word.
Would you like some tea?
Walnut rolls?
Akira is like the Acqua Alta.
You're right.
So? Why have you both wandered back, acting all chummy?
My, my, my...
You don't know? Actually, I don't know, either.
You're really nosy.
"Ai, my second summer on Aqua has arrived.
But, when I take that brightly-polished oar in my hands,
Quiet, you.
Well, this could be fun.
Alice, from Orange Planet.
Alice, huh?
Still, if they're for Alicia, I can't really say no.
Look, President Aria!
But I don't think we need to bring this many back with us.
No sappy lines allowed!
You are really nosy.
Is Orange Planet a new company?
I hate to say it, but in a few years, they'll be the top water guides in the city.
What a wonderful present! Thank you so much.
That girl was scouted by Orange Planet from her middle school gondola club.
Training on the gondola while going to school every day...
I don't autograph things.
Poor kids.
Well, I've really come to like it, too.
Or worse than amateur!
Do you have today off from your job as a Salamander?
Anyway, Sideburns...
That's the girl from this morning.
Please turn to your right.
...who was in charge of the original settlers on Aqua.
Thanks!
Further into the plaza is a place that's famous for the invention of caf au lait-
Never mind that! Hurry up and tell me about the statue!
You can find it all throughout the city.
There are 14 just in Piazza San Marco alone.
She's just like the others.
This does seem to be really important to you.
Akatsuki, this is your big brother?
When you give someone a ride in your gondola,
That's the first time you've used my name, Alice.
I'm glad we made it in time.
So? How do you like your first vist to Ukijima?
And then...
I was asked to deliver a letter!
Bye!
Neo-Venezia also has wind messengers called Sylphs."
Let's ask the mailman about it tomorrow.
Wow...
I never even knew this place existed...
I want it delivered so badly!
Beyond time and space?
Ami, do we have a guest?
Agh! Now I've got brain freeze!
Where is it?
Even so, I made a promise, so I have to go.
No matter how many hours it takes.
Your gourmet cat food has arrived, Mr. President.
Alicia must have bought these by mail order.
Sorry for the wait!
Just leave it to me!
Swimming?
But when you Undines carry people in your gondolas, your job is...
You have a fantastic job!
I can't believe this ocean wasn't always here.
Maybe they're not here anymore.
I have a license, but I haven't flown much, so it'd be dangerous for me to fly in the city.
We should hit the scheduled level soon.
Wait... That place...
So, at the very least, I want to send my thoughts to you.
"I'm glad you could carry those precious feelings to him, Akari.
Aika, Alice! Let's go! On a journey of adventure!
I can't believe I received this! It's an invitation to Neverland!
But the name Neverland sort of intrigued me.
I've never earned anyone's resentment, unlike you.
All right, now that everyone's here, shall we begin?
Yes, training that'll make you puke blood! Then more training after that!
We can work you as hard as we want!
This really isn't the time for us to be talking about that!
May I borrow your oar?
I really feel the same...
And now, you're going to say something sappy.
Huh? In the sea?
Well then, shall we jump together?
Hm?
You don't have to say anything else.
It's grilled just perfectly, isn't it?
you feel a strange mixture of happiness and embarrassment.
Right back to me...
When I do, I'll be sure to invite you to visit, Akari."
I want to meet Athena soon!
If someone's sitting there staring at your face, most people's response would be:
The truth is, my left hand is worthless.
And, um... That's a problem, somehow?
I see.
Were you lonely by yourself?
Um...
In that case, please change into our uniform.
Really...
Hm?
Alice, what are you doing?
Yeah.
...and they accomplished so much in that time.
Where could Maa have gone?
Wait, were you singing just now to try and find Maa?
It's hard to tell because she's so little, but this cat has blue eyes.
Our blue-eyed guardian angel.
'Not bad,' he said. 'Looking forward to your next try."
Akira says she'll give us a ride in her gondola.
Sorry.
Ack!
Aika, give it a try.
Right!
I definitely want them to come with us!
Um...
President Maa, stop that.
Anyway, let's be off.
It's a little statue, not mentioned in the guidebooks.
Because this way we get to see the Undines being trained firsthand!
So you think sculling and being pleasant are simple things anyone could do?
This is how she always is. The nice version only shows up when she's working.
That's a big package you're carrying today!
Akari?
Why are you yelling to your friend while you're working?
Um... Well... I was just really happy to see him...
Right!
Now then, sir and madam, please look to your right.
Yeah, your rowing was pretty good.
Gondola, coming through!
Gondola, coming through.
Gondola, coming through!
What'd you come out here for, Alicia?
I'm overjoyed to be able to have tea with you, Miss Alicia!
It... It's just because she had that article in the magazine.
No, not really!
All right! And we have to get back to training!
How many times must I say it?!
It seems to be flowing to the other side of that door.
It's pitch black.
Akari, let's go!
Will we be okay?
Thank goodness!
Thank goodness.
Don't say I'm a crybaby! Honestly!
I think what she's strict about is caring for you younger girls.
but those words are also overflowing with warm feelings.
Sorry! I'll be more careful from now on!
Huh? What happened?
This really feels great!
I hope the weather tomorrow is just as nice.
President Aria sure is late.
Yeah. Since we Gnomes work underground,
President Hime, let's get... going...
Hey, what's with this cat?
Right...
"Akari, maybe President Aria really is a hero!
Don't you feel like we've just been going through the motions on our group training, lately?
Yeah!
...and someday, even the legendary Great Water Fairy herself!
Piloting skills, canzone, hosting...
She's known as "Grandmother," and is honored as the legendary Great Water Fairy!
My, my, all done with your training?
So I'm taking a little break. Here you go, Aika.
Well, why not ask her yourself?
Good! That's the way to do it!
According to this, this village was based on an old-fashioned village from Manhome.
Welcome, my dear Undines.
No matter how rigorous your training may be,
This is some really tasty training she has!
I'll do my best!
Uh-huh!
I'll just boil these now.
Why don't you dig up some sweet potatoes for me?
Isn't it interesting?
Ta-daa! Let's try some roasted chestnuts, too!
It's okay, right? It's fun.
It's great!
Now then, you three, come with Grandma.
You can smell the wood burning.
You'll sleep here tonight.
We're never going to be Primas, ever!
Look, Grandma, I beg of you!
so that Alicia could become the number one star Undine on Aqua, right?
Fun?
Okay, the next one, for sure!
Grandma really is an amazing person, isn't she?
Huh?!
I'm no good in cold weather,
It must be a pain trying to scull a gondola at that time of the year.
...through all four seasons in our harsh aquatic work environment!
If we can't even handle that, we'll never become full Primas!
...and then they move to white fir roots in the summer.
Wow.
What's going on? It keeps following me.
Yeah!
See you later!
You haven't been to a natural hot spring yet, have you, Akari?
Right. I've only seen them in holograms.
Hello!
We appreciate it!
Wow.
Well, why don't we get ready and go to the bath?
Huh? Well, you see...
No clumsy slowpokes allowed.
Yeah...
Supposedly, when the hot spring appeared, they just let part of the house turn into a bath.
Coming!
Coffee milk is just the thing for drinking after a hot bath!
I can feel it spreading through my body!
All right! And after a nice bath, next comes a fun dinnertime!
She really looks like a different person.
the sunsets that seem to fall lovingly on the houses,
Yes, but I would've felt bad mentioning it.
A hot spring in the sea...
Yeah.
What's going on? This place is dead!
I'm serious!
Oh, I want to stop!
In Neo-Venezia, they say the departure of the snowbugs heralds the first snowfall.
Someday, when we're no longer Singles...
"Ai, this second winter I'm spending here in Neo-Venezia...
Sure thing. Akari, do you and the girls want the same?
Oh? Is there something wrong with that?
Um... What are you and Athena doing here, Akira?
Are we not supposed to?
Yes!
Being a small business has always been part of the Aria Company's philosophy,
She'd make all sorts of excuses about it.
Her sculling and hosting skills must be fantastic already!
You there! Why don't you watch where you're sculling that gondola?!
That's an Orange Planet uniform!
My, my!
...My arms?
Ah! Come back!
I'm a little embarrassed.
Alice...
Time has a way of changing everything. Sometimes gently, and sometimes harshly.
But, for me at least, not everything has changed.
If you can manage to hold on to each one,
Amazing how just hearing "walnut bread" woke him up.
Akari, this far is fine.
You're worried about all that talk before, right?
Aika...
Good night.
Sometimes he leads me to wonderful and mysterious places.
What is this place? Is it Neo-Venezia?
There wasn't any in the forecast for today.
Yeah. To the oldest bridge in Neo-Venezia.
Because really, it's just an ordinary bridge with nothing special about it.
What's wrong?
Someone's there.
Yeah, that's my cat's name. He's a little shy.
Um...
May I?
I think it's cute.
Now you won't have to worry about it at all, no matter what!
It looks okay...
It's okay.
Do you smell something funny?
Uh, yeah.
It's been really cold lately, since Ukijima's output has been kind of unstable.
And we're finally getting water, too.
Card recorder?
Hi! Sorry I'm late!
Hey everyone, let me introduce you to my friend. This is Miss Akari Mizunashi.
It will. Aqua will become a beautiful world covered with water.
Even this town will become lively.
This is the beginning.
It's the beginning of so many wonderful things.
This was another wonderful year, wasn't it?
but all the wonderful things will live on forever in our hearts-
Oh, Alicia, what should I do?
I'm so excited about the year to come!
Oh! Akatsuki!
This is the one time a year that everyone sets aside their inhibitions.
What the?
From Akari's e-mails.
Shh, Ai!
Where?!
In Italy, back on Manhome,
But you can't eat glass beans.
They're souvenirs for tourists. They're pretty popular.
No sappy lines allowed!
I'm sorry I haven't come to visit lately.
I'm sorry. We lost President Aria, didn't we?
What are these lights?
Where did you go?
It can be anything that you've used in the past year.
Ai, the New Year's greeting here is "Auguri, buon anno!" Okay?
Right!
What is it, Akari?
When I think how this year, which has sparkled like a treasure, will soon be over, I...
Dieci!
Yeah, Ai!
See, Aqua? The sun's rising.
See you later, Akari.
She was so cute!
Aqua, the planet of water, was made from miracles and the wishes of many people.
Akari! It's Carnevale!
Aika!
No sappy lines allowed!
Okay!
and is staying with us at the Aria Company until the day of Carnevale.
What about your sister and her husband?
You were staring at us quietly and smiling.
Maybe it's a secret place where we're not allowed?
Cait Sith?
Because today is a special day.
Thank you very much!
...so I'm sure a new encounter is waiting for me!
Aika, what's President Hime up to?
I think, for you...
Akari?
Really?
Pony?
I'm okay.
Let's go back to where Akira and the others are, once you feel a little better.
Ai, did you see that?
Good evening, Casanova.
Huh? What's this?
Let's go!
Zun-zun pon-pon zun-taka pon!
Zun-zun pon-pon zun-taka pon!
Zun-taka pon! Zun-taka pon!
Yeah!
What is a treasure?
Off we go!
Let's switch in front of the Mary statue.
Something just caught my attention.
Hey, maybe you should put it back...
Ah, boring. It's just a piece of paper.
Yeah, yeah. Wrap it up. Wrap it up.
It's a treasure map, Aika.
Yes, please.
Alice, are you really familiar with all the calle?
But there's no bench here.
Alice, you're right!
What a nice place.
The magic lantern!
Not another map!
At this rate we'll be searching for the treasure all night!
Huh?
What, you've never had one before?
Well, shall we go look for it, Junior?
The caf's aroma...
I think I've met him somewhere before.
Following... the shadow?
Ah, that must be why I thought I'd met you before.
Don't you get bored coming here every day?
That one stone is shining...
Oh!
Are you leaving on your treasure hunt?
I pray you find a wonderful treasure.
Nope! Nope!
No sappy lines allowed!
Are you okay, Alice?
Yes!
Look! It's the exit!
This view is like a treasure...
...really on the mark!
Yeah, let's do that.
I agree!
My, my.
I'm sure there are a lot more encounters hidden in places we walk past every day."
The weather was always stable on Manhome, but...
Huh?
It's a meteor shower!
Yay!
It'll probably be much, much colder at night, so I'll bring heat pads...
Huh? What do you mean?
Then gravity...
This is perfect timing!
Tell us about it!
I was just thinking about grabbing lunch.
It's quiet and cozy. It's a nice place.
To the bone... You say?
Yes, Aika. You're correct.
All objects, including us, are affected by Aqua's force of attraction.
Oh, the hot pot looks ready.
Let's do that, let's do that.
Veto!
Yes!
Shall we get going, President Aria?
Yeah.
Then, where would be a good place?
N... n...
I can see well in the dark, so...
Oh?
...is kind of unfair.
Ah!
Um, why am I going first?
Because if we go first, you'll see our panties.
If Aqua was never terraformed, these shooting stars wouldn't have been born, either.
Thank you. I will.
Aika?
Although it's rare, sometimes the meteors that become shooting stars don't burn out.
Hmm... Not really. I may have received a party invitation once.
The sun's rays are getting warmer by the day.
Thank you for waking me up, President Aria.
That's too bad.
...to me, this job is more like a hobby than work.
Sorry to bother you. I know it was a strange favor.
why not have someone else instruct you for a change?
Oh, you must be the Undine that the Elder talks about all the time.
Here, please come inside.
You have to be in shape to keep up with this job.
Either way, I'm just a mailman for the post office.
Okay, veer to the right!
Yes!
It'll probably be faster if you deliver it directly to their mailbox.
...I also wrote "I'm sorry."
I'm Akari Mizunashi, an Undine from the Aria Company.
Sora...
Miss Ayano, congratulations on your marriage.
Delivery complete!
Yeah, thanks.
I'm sure that's the best way Sora knew to congratulate you.
It looks like you were.
Thank you for the letter!
Goodbye!
Opening a letter is like opening a treasure chest.
It's a person's heart that can be held forever. That's why it's a treasure.
Good morning, Akari.
Thanks for yesterday.
Oh jeez, look at your lazy "ahhh" face...
They are.
Fried tofu inari!
W... We can meet him?
But be careful...
What's wrong, Akari?
Another wonderful name? I wonder what it could be?
Huh?
It's just my imagination...
He descends to the human world on a whim sometimes.
Yes! He took my inari!
Isn't that your inari?
A bride?
Actually, there's a special place I'd like to show you.
Let's eat!
Come on, let's go.
What is it, Akari?
Wow! This scenery makes me want to follow the tracks all the way.
Let's turn around at that tree.
It's a cherry blossom tree!
The ceiling has fallen though.
Thanks to the hole, we have a carpet of flower petals here.
I'm sorry...
My, my.
President Aria!
We did, Akari.
Good morning.
Morning.
Yes?
Card games are for kids anyway.
Ah, no, we wouldn't want to intrude.
Aika, you're really jealous, aren't you?
Wha-!
Athena, why did you do that?
This is kind of exciting!
That's right, you're the only Single at your company.
Alice, why don't you reconsider attending the party?
It's such a nice bath. Well done, Orange Planet.
I feel like I'm going to drift off to someplace far away...
It's really private.
Aika is friendly when she talks to me.
You worked so hard!
Huh?
Good morning!
It's a really beautiful morning!
Come on! Get some breakfast and let's start the day!
It was really wonderful!"
Ai-chan, this is my second summer since coming to Aqua.
and before I know it, I'm dripping with sweat.
But, when you take that brightly-polished oar in your hands,
Whaat?!
Well, this could be fun!
I'm Akari Mizunashi from Aria Company.
Since you're a Pair, you're still apprenticing, right?
But since it's for Alicia-san, there's no helping it.
Ah! Alice-chan, do you want to eat breakfast with us?
They've got lots of employees too.
What a lovely gift!
Oh no! It's our pleasure!
You also had an interview, didn't you?
Oh, she's the one from before!
I don't autograph things.
Smile?
Hey there, Sideburns.
My name isn't Sideburns.
I'm very sorry for this, sir.
Is that why you're in a bad mood?
But I can't take any customers without an instructor on board!
I wonder what's going on.
I keep telling you, they're not sideburns...
Ah, Alice-chan!
Sideburns was only about to show me around.
All right!
Please turn to your right.
Sideburns is fine for Sideburns.
Right, right.
You can find them all throughout the city.
HuhEh?
... and regulating the planet's weather so it's comfortable is your job, right?
That's why you and others like you are like Aqua's guardian angels.
RReally?
Alice-chan laughed!
You're looking well, little brother!
There are large and small islands all over the Neo-Adriatic Sea.
The people who emigrated to Aqua from Manhome...
That's the first time you've used my name, Alice-chan.
I'm glad we made it in time.
Why are you so happy?
We've never used this difficult canal, but challenge beckons!
Not really.
More importantly, I have to go to school.
Okay, here we go.
Huh? I don't see President Aria.
Ah, it's President Aria!
I guess there are still a lot of places in Neo-Venezia that we're not familiar with.
Huh?
Didn't we come through here before?
It must be your imagination...
Let's keep going, Akari.
This is starting to feel dangerous...
It's okay, it's okay. I'll scull as best as I can.
Forget that! I'm more worried if we can get back or not!
At least we didn't wander into some strange place...
That's right.
We probably weren't supposed to come here...
You're coming home with us, right President Aria?
Ah, okay.
Ah, no. It's nothing...
My, my.
I feel like taking part in a serious practice once in a while isn't bad a idea.
Hmm...
Being embarrassed isn't allowed!
You're going to the Gondola Association meeting, right?
I plan to give them to Alicia.
Yes, that's exactly right!
You should be honored!
Huh?
All right! Let's go!
A courtesy rose?
Ah, really?
Huh?
The cool cobblestone pavement feels amazing...
Yeah.
The sky is reflected in the water. It's so beautiful!
Are they all for Alicia?!
So that's how you want to play?
Akira's amazing, isn't she?
Right...
Look, look! I got a rose!
Huh?
It is, yeah...
Gems?
Maybe... does this mean?
Right on!
Ah, okay.
My, my.
Is the Gondola Association meeting over, Alicia?
Th-Th-This is-is m-my t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t...
Alicia! Come back!
The tender yet sorrowful feeling of one person loving another...
No old man jokes allowed...
Yes!
The stunning red roses blooming throughout the city during the Acqua Alta were so beautiful...
Please come aboard.
Looking over your shoulders isn't allowed!
Just what you'd expect from Alicia!
They make a whistling sound when air passes through them.
Sure!
This wall is cute!
This is called the "House of Despair."
The small path lined with crape myrtle flowers.
It smells like buckwheat noodles...
That's right! Isn't it wonderful?
What's so wonderful about a bakery that smells like buckwheat noodles?
I wanted to discover a place by myself...
Then why don't we try again after dinner?
My, my. That sounds like fun.
What am I going to do?
It's pitch black, isn't it, President Aria...
What was that, President?
I thought we'd have a midnight tea party.
I feel like I still need a lot more training to be like you, Alicia.
When I was a Single like you, Akari,
And she told me, "Keep that warm flame..."
Alicia!
The stars are shining so brightly...
When the seasons change, the sky and colors change as well.
There are a lot of things I don't know yet, either.
I'm feeling pretty good today.
Wha-?
Ah, that's right. I have to leave after this.
Really count me in.
Do you think she knows her?
What a wonderful name!
Thank you very much!
Kitty can join us, too!
Maybe...
You know... I'm getting kind of sleepy.
Yeah...
Of course...
Pardon me.
Inside that suitcase...
Huh?
At this rate, she might even get dragged into some kind of crime.
Sorry about that.
R-Right. Let's split up, then.
Let's go!
Okay!
You can do it!
I went and saw it with the kids in my neighborhood...
I was even convinced he was a corpse carrier.
you can see things that were invisible before.
I feel like I understand why Akari knows so many people.
Thank you very much. I had a lot of fun.
No sappy lines allowed!
Huh? Was that really a coincidence?"
Huh?
Yes!
Yep. I search for valuable products, and then trade them between Aqua and Manhome.
Whaaat?
Right!
Okay!
Those are glass beans, aren't they?
What about this one?
Well, why don't you start by carrying out the boxes?
Yes!
Sorry about that.
S-m-i-l-e.
Yes.
Yeah, he did...
This is the best focaccia I've ever had!
My, my. You've never had it before, have you, Akari?
I see you're still an apprentice, too.
No, it really is amazing.
...the succession of tradition was once broken.
And so,
...the other apprentices and I can't help but feel angry and sad.
And I exist here, right now!
You're right on time!
In that sense, you're already a full-fledged pro!
My, my.
How unusual. It's a mirage.
But when it's this hot, you can't help but feel light-headed.
President Aria?
Oh, I'm sorry. We only serve iced milk.
Oh, dear my.
When I looked around, everyone in the city was gone. I thought I had wandered into a dream.
Wow...
But, I wonder what would happen if you caught up to that fleeting mirage?
So they're called night-shine chimes.
There are a lot of stands this year, too!
It was love at first sight.
Welcome back, Akari.
I'm home!
When the night-shine gem nears the end of its life,
That's why tonight, people from all over Neo-Venezia will gather out at sea...
No yelling allowed!
Is this...
Hello.
My, my. Thank you.
It's still pretty hot, isn't it?
No, nothing happened.
it's practice, practice!"
Not bad at all.
...is a bit childish, and has a very adorable side.
Well. Isn't this great.
I'm really lucky.
Today's rule is to make it home by only stepping on shadows again!
Welcome back, Alice.
Maybe it's because you look happy?
Hmm...
What's wrong?
I'm redoing that part.
This is my battle!
Okay...
Alice, where are you going?
Don't follow me, okay?
I'm just acting as your ally, Alice.
Yes?
so after we get back, I'd like you to help me with my practice, Athena.
Right.
That's right.
I wonder if that was also because of Athena's song?"
If I'm about to make a mistake,
Hey, hey! What color do you think the Aria Company is?
Eh?
...this morning the air was cool, and the breeze felt so nice,
Countless poles are staked throughout Neo-Venezia's lagoon,
Thank you for coming, President Aria.
Akari, you're up so early.
Having a painted palina would... be...
Huh? I wonder what this is?
I thought I'd share.
Do you really think it's okay for me to make something so important?
When did you arrive? I'm so happy!
Ah, that's right.
Ah! I'm sorry, President Aria!
Let's give it our best, President Aria.
Would you like us to help you?
Yes!
You did a fantastic job.
We'll celebrate the completion of the palina.
I made this using Grandma's corn.
I wasn't alone, though.
...you'll be looking up at this palina, with a new student that I've never met.
That means...
I have one more wonderful thing to look forward to now!"
I'll be able to meet us, as we were back then!
Usually, Aika and I practice together in the afternoon, but...
So squishy!
I'm on an errand for my idiot brother.
How's Aika doing today?
Hey! Who do you think you are?!
Al! How long have you been there?
Eh? You've known him for that long?
The main point here is to not use the brakes.
Training?
Loser.
Now's your chance to back out.
...not braking at all!
It's absolutely impossible...
Akatsukin, you have the cape of Justice!
Woody...
Don't look...
You're not a pathetic loser.
It pains me to do this, but...
Wha-?!
I'm sure he's become a real big shot by now!
Hm? I've been here for a while now.
I happened to pass this way and saw everyone here with Akari, so...
Who are you calling "bro"?!
No wonder when you looked at me back then...
But you didn't realize you'd met her until she mentioned it, right?
You go in circles... and meet again...
...that large circle never changes, and it surrounds this city and those within it.
...I'm outside that circle, aren't I?
It's a very large and wonderful circle that surrounds me here on Aqua."
so Alicia and I are at a gondola workshop, called a 'squero,' to pick it up.
But a gondola needs to be completely overhauled every couple of years.
It can still be ridden!
To be honest, it's gotten to the point where it'd be rude to charge people to ride it.
Yes?
Have a safe trip.
Huh? Umm-umm!
...so it's getting replaced with a new gondola.
so I really wanted you to join us on this tour.
Here I go!
Thank you so much for coming with me today.
What's with the serious look, Pony-boy?
Gachapen?!
Well...
Maybe they're having a farewell party?
Yes, yes...
Sure!
Thank you very much!
Where to?
We're here.
Yes.
That old man...
Thank you very much for today!
More like a thank you dinner for the gondola, don't you think?
Yeah...
Hey!
My, my. It's gotten lively with everyone here, hasn't it?
Yes!
...the time has come for it to, umm, move on from the Aria Company...
So to the gondola, I'm not sure which I should say first, "good work" or "thank you"...
Is she... gonna be okay?
Yeah.
Yes, together with this gondola.
Sounds great! Let's take one!
Is it me?
Goodbye, gondola.
...and take away the gondola.
Yay! This is fun!
When I first came to Aqua, I didn't know anything...
I really...
Then, after waiting for a while...
You're doing just fine.
Thank you very much!
Mr. New Gondola...
Ah, Alice!
Ah, Alicia! You made it!
Yeah.
I've been growing my hair as part of a wish I made,
Why you two!
Here, Alicia. Have some potato.
Mmm, it smells delicious.
No, it's not that...
Oh, the grilled rice balls!
Sorry! Please excuse us, too!
You both have appointments in the afternoon, don't you? Athena, Alicia?
They really do. They look delicious.
What?
What about the grilled rice balls?
It'll be okay, Aika!
It's not all right!
I'm sad that it has to get cut short,
Then, what about a ponytail?
Sure, but how about a little more...
What do you think?
No.
She's right. Please cheer up.
You can only be you!
Another barbecue?
You'll know when she gets here.
By the way Akira, how much was today's food?
Eh? Are you sure?
There's still a lot more, so please eat up!
If... If I ever disappear, I want you to train hard and become Primas.
Summer mornings feel really nice.
Junior, your posture is bad!
Do you have a cold?
Okay...
...if I go out?
This is the best!
I can stop there if you want. Would you like to try it?
You see...
After being sick for three days, I was bored out of my mind.
so I snuck out, went shopping and ate gelato.
The world still turns, even without me, huh?
It was the first time I'd ever felt so uneasy.
I have to hurry back there!
Before I knew it, I was already crying.
We brought you pudding.
I have to work twice as hard... I know that, but...
Yep... it's a miracle that the three of us can practice together and make it work.
An intense urge has been attacking me since this morning.
I have to stay focused until we finish practice!
Ah, Alicia! Hello!
I'm happy for you, Aika.
Huh?!
Yeah they are, they're my favorite!
...I haven't seen Al.
...I don't really have an excuse to go see him...
The underground world...
It's so strange to think that this is what controls Aqua's gravity.
Ahh, here. I brought pudding. The kind with whipped cream on top.
I bet Al's the kind of guy who'd take the stairs, to walk off his meal a little.
Old Man Apa told me.
Huh?!
Akari, sorry to keep you waiting.
I wonder if Akatsuki is doing well?
Who cares about that obnoxious guy?
It's true.
She wanted her body to be buried on San Michele Island, the graveyard island...
...so her wish wasn't granted.
If a city gondolier happened to be alone at night, near the pillars,
The woman from the story...
...apparently haunts...
But, I think you have a tendency to attract mysterious phenomena, Akari.
Huh?! But, be careful how?
See you later!
I'd better buy those canned peaches and hurry home.
Oh, I wasn't aware of that. I'm sorry.
Encountered?
...Aika's story keeps rushing over me, together with the night waves.
Well, I'll be leaving now.
Hurry up and stand.
Did you know that there's more to that ghost story?
Huh?
I've had times where I thought, "This must be a dream!" while dreaming.
...I can sometimes hear the sound of a train.
I've never heard that...
I wonder if I'm the only one?
Nope, not at all.
I-I'm not scared!
I used to get excited, and my heart would race when we met.
Could it be the mailman?
He has a very fine coat of fur...
What else...
Is it... President Aria?
Yeah.
He always gives me a sparkly, exciting and mysterious experience.
Huh?
This is it, isn't it?
I wonder if he doesn't have a ticket?
You're so big... and so warm...
...I get this... indescribable...
"Ai, have you ever imagined another you, that's different from who you are now?
I wouldn't have met Alicia, or anyone else for that matter.
What's the matter, President Aria?
Ah, Akatsuki.
Hey! Gachapen!
Jeez, why in the world would I do that?
My heart burns with passion...
What's the matter, President Aria?
He really is.
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe?
Here, there's still more.
What's the matter?
My, are you playing upsy-daisy?
Does it hurt anywhere, President Aria?
I was worried because he disappeared so suddenly.
Do you think he went to the cat meeting again?
Come to think of it, I've got a funny story for you.
Born and raised on Ukijima, I'm an island kid through and through!
Where's your proof?!
You check to see if mom's real a lot lately.
Good!
Don't worry.
You're a tactician, Mother! Impressive!
My, my. Same here.
Ah, Akatsuki!
T-The other day...
Ehhhh?!
"I want to see President Aria's favorite signature pose, too!
I can't wait!"
Nice to meet you.
We'll meet at the harbor at five o'clock, as we discussed.
Yes, please.
Ah, it's nothing. Here I go!
What's that over there?
Umm...
A gondola and music...
Akari, you're pulling too hard!
I know!
Eh?
I'm not the only one.
Amazing!
You're always saving me, aren't you?
The sea, as well.
The wind is calm, too.
Ah, whatever.
...I pray you will be mine.
Ah, you're right!
She was saying things like, "I'll show you how much I've excelled!"
Hey!
...guess it can't be helped.
That's too bad.
I think everyone is starting to take note because I've excelled so much recently!
You're really overconfident.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Except for you, Akari.
An alias, huh?
Then, what do you think would suit me?
The Wonderful Crybaby!
Never underestimate aliases, I guess.
If it's possible, I want to inherit Alicia's Snow White!
I knocked several times, but you guys didn't even hear me.
Huh?
Ah!
She's such a slave driver.
Anyway, I'll go take these files back to Akira's room.
Hide, hide, hide...
I just heard her and the others in the hallway.
A lavish ceremony hall...
Everything about the wedding was amazing...
Strange, isn't it?
People get used to the things that make them happy, and take them for granted.
It stopped raining.
Yeah, lots more!
"Ai, today we realized what we truly need in order to become Primas.
Food and drinks!
Nope.
Many people visit around this time to enjoy a certain well-known festival.
I don't know...
She said she'd visit for the Redentore Festival, right?
I'm sure she's busy with school.
What are the two of you doing for Redentore this year?
So, why have The Three Great Water Fairies gathered together?
Umm! Redentore is a summer festival that was started among Venetian aristocrats on Manhome.
People board various ships, and party until the sun comes up.
What should we do, Aika?
We'll think about the menu and drinks later.
Why don't we decide who to invite first?
I really agree, but do you think she can make it?
The issue is, how should we cook it?
Yes!
What if... no one comes...
Please do!
Ah, they're beautiful! Thank you very much.
Sideburns, we're here!
Welcome!
May we come in?
Oh, you're here!
What's this? They sound like a newlywed couple.
Ai hasn't shown up yet...
I'm Atsushi, her husband.
Would it be okay if I leave Ai with you?
Wha?!
You there. No old man jokes allowed.
One, two. One, two. One. Two.
It's midnight already, huh?
I lost track of the time.
Okay!
Yeah.
I want to go to Hope Hill!
My, my.
I wonder if who I am now, is the same as who I wanted to be back then?
Ah, its almost time to go to practice, isn't it?
Off I go, Alicia.
No sappy lines allowed!
Wha-?!
What about you, Akari?
No copycatting allowed!
To reach her level, it takes a lot of effort and determination.
Huh?
It really has.
Thank you very much.
See you!
Yes...
Thank you for helping.
It'll be incredible, no matter where you put it!
My, my.
It is a good idea, isn't it dear?
Miss Undines, you must be tired.
Have some muffins!
Hey, let's make another one!
I'll help, too!
You're going to help? But it was originally yours, Miss Undine.
Ah, that's right.
Nice, nice!
I love this city even more now.
Alicia, thank you very much.
"Akari, I definitely want to go to Neo-Venezia when I grow up!
Old Man Apa, I was given some delicious rice cakes.
I'll be swimming through the sky again today, too!
Hm? I can treat you.
Right!
It's a secret.
Things were really lively right up until yesterday, when it ended.
Wow, Junior! You're really projecting your voice today.
Oh, Aika.
It's important for Salamanders to learn the workings of Aqua, Akatsuki.
Get another cup for us, too.
Akari, President Aria, let's have lunch.
You're right! They look delicious!
There aren't many people around after Carnevale, so it feels a little lonely, doesn't it?
Here's a glass of water, Akari.
Here, President Aria.
Woody, thank...
Sounds wonderful.
My, my. I wonder what it is?
My, it's from a customer we had during Carnevale.
Oh, no!
Athena's still working, but she said she'd come when she's done.
All right! First, we need to wash our hands and gargle.
It makes it feel like spring, doesn't it?
Right, and also...
But I guess I should have brought you when the weather was a little warmer.
Hey, cut it out!
My beloved prince, please marry me!
When I put mayonnaise on our pudding?
We sure did. I feel kind of depressed because of it.
But... so do I.
Yeah. You're right.
Their own brilliance...
Yes.
Um...
...and always watch over us, just like the sky.
Though I'm sure each of them will be unique...
Okay!
Welcome back, Alicia!
And the customer said she'd like me to be her guide.
That customer sounds suspicious.
Huh?!
Wait!
Please try not to fail, okay?
Yes.
Oh, that's right.
I'm Amarantha. I believe I have an appointment for today?
Yes, I'll do my very best!
It really is.
Thank goodness!
Is this okay?
This view can only be seen when you're in between these two palina.
You've been here before, haven't you, Ms. Amarantha?
Not that I know of...
Last time I was here, you had only completed the District of San Marco.
Thank you very much.
There's one more really special place I'd like to show you.
Is there any way you'd allow me to take you to one last spot?
Ehh?! N-No way!
Akari?
Ah, yes!
My heart...
What I truly wanted to see today was you, doing your best to show me around.
Eh? Akira, too?
Alicia.
"Dear Ai, today I felt as though the entire city of Neo-Venezia...
No, as though all of Aqua was watching over me."
Don't you think so, Akari?"
For me, it's when I eat something delicious.
President Aria, you don't seem like your usual self.
You're late!
I read that article about the restoration work this morning, too.
A student did?
I wonder if they're selling something?
Isn't he a patisserie at the Hotel Appresso's restaurant?
Thanks!
One, please.
Maybe he closed up shop for today?
He was just staring at the building.
See you.
I'm going straight to the Gondola Association for a meeting now.
This place never ceases to amaze me.
I get so excited just looking at all the different rooms.
Huh?
Ah, is that why you were at Ca' d'Oro and Ponte dell' Accademia yesterday?
It seems like you always catch me at the most unflattering moments.
Take it as a token of my appreciation.
Do you like the paintings in here?
Thank you for treating us.
Ah! It's Mr. Chocolate Maker!
Well...
Okay, let's work hard today, too!
More...
I want to be even more useful to the company.
Well...
I will now announce the groups for this district!
I'm Akari Mizunashi. I look forward to working with you today.
Please watch your step.
Eh? No, not at all.
Yeah.
Huh?!
Well, I guess there aren't many Undines like me, who want to work with the traghetto from the start.
Yes, it is...
But I don't have enough skill to take the promotion exam yet.
Right!
What is it?
N-No, I'm not...
Just what you'd expect from an employee of the Aria Company that Grandmother founded.
Yes, she has bookings every day.
Every time you fail the Prima exam, it feels more and more like you're being rejected as an Undine.
It's a fresh new start every time you wish to challenge yourself.
Yes! I'll do my best, too!
We're fine.
My, my. Welcome back, Akari. Good work today.
What's the matter?
And also...
Now that we've changed into our summer uniforms, let's give it all we've got during practice!
I'm sure they'll be a breath of fresh air as Neo-Venezia changes seasons."
Oh my, Akari. Is that your summer uniform?
Th-That's right. Athena's singing voice is the one thing about her that's really amazing.
Such graceful...
Here you go.
Of course. You're very welcome.
That's right. She's the most levelheaded and hardworking of the three, don't you think?
Yes!
I know you hate to lose...
Wasn't it hard for you?
What is it that gives you the strength...
Congratulations, Athena!
None.
Is there something on my face?
Why don't you give up?
If you don't have something, all you need to do is make it!
Hey, Akari! Stop daydreaming!
Okay, here we go!
No sappy lines allowed!
President Aria, since we're closed today, why don't we go for a walk?
There's even more over here!
President Aria?
Ah, I know!
Let's go, shall we?
It's here!
Huh?
Which way did she go?
Thank you for your business.
She's elusive, that's for sure.
It can't be helped!
Oh, wow!
I've finally caught you.
Caught me?
The stairs leading up here are inconspicuous, so most people don't even notice them.
Yes.
It's ever so wonderful...
Uh...
Junior, you look so serious.
Sir, I'd like these, please.
Hello.
A-Are you helping me practice, President Aria?
Huh?
That's really obvious.
I may scold clumsy Athena at times, but I never get scolded myself.
Are you all right?
There must be times when she's irritated or angry, when no one's around.
What are you doing up there?
U-Um...
My customer had another commitment, so I finished early today.
Oh, impressive, President Aria!
I-I'm so sorry, President Aria.
W-W-W-W-What am I going to do?!
It looks like the mooring rope was hit and severed by something sharp.
It's all thanks to President Aria for noticing it right away.
That couldn't be it... Could it?
I've been unable to find any clues to reveal what Alicia is thinking.
What a coincidence, Alice.
Are you on your way home from school?
Would you mind if we join you?
...punishment?!
Naughty troublemakers who snoop on other people from the shadows...
She truly is Miss Perfect!
You never scold your apprentice, no matter how grave a mistake she makes?
Thank you!
Eventually, I don't think he'd be able to move.
"Ah, teaching and being taught are, in fact, very much alike."
And, in the very end, I hope to share her happiness as well.
It's one coincidence after another today, isn't it?
Yay!
My, my.
You lose track of time either way, then.
"Dear Ai, today is the Aria Company's anniversary.
the three of us are going on a little trip. We've been looking forward to it for a while."
Let's see... She was a cheerful and glamorous Undine.
That boy...
Hello, Ahito.
I'm not blushing!
Take care of yourself.
Yeah.
My, my.
Alicia invited me.
Hello, Ahito.
All right!
Dinner's ready!
From the founding of the Aria Company, to Akari, our newest member...
You've found a happiness that suits you, haven't you?
Would you mind telling us about that?
Back then, I was at a loss with myself.
She truly is the greatest Water Fairy of our time!
Thanks to President Aria, I realized that I was pushing myself.
Good luck!
Because of that, I'm able to spend time with such wonderful people."
A-A-Akari! Th-This is a really big SOS!
Are memories precious?
Huh?
Athena's...
"Dear Ai, the weather in Neo-Venezia has been beautiful lately.
Yes, we're going tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Really?
So that's why you invited her.
Eh? Yes, well...
Well, I guess picnics are nice once in a while.
President Maa, it's still a little early, but let's go take a bath and warm ourselves up!
Oh, that's right. We need to go to the cafeteria later...
Alice!
Why are you apologizing?
This is a really big SOS, Akari!
We were worried.
Thank goodness! You woke up...
Looks like her memory loss altered her personality as well.
My, my.
It's all right. After all, it's for Athena's sake.
Yes.
In the meantime, why don't you stay with her today and see if she gets any better?
Y-Yes, we'll do that.
Have a good day!
Welcome. Would you like the usual?
Please have your friend make herself at home!
Out of all of these...
Th-That's correct...
I'm sorry.
Ah, I know! How about this?
It's all right. I like the way President Aria feels.
Don't you think that's enough, Athena?
I was lying.
Yes?
...really hate that about you!
It's only because I've seen Athena pull some unbelievable stunts from time to time.
That's a secret.
"Akari, I'm sure that after this incident, Alice and Athena will become even closer."
Graduation...
...from the bottom of my heart...
Here you go.
That's really no problem!
Yes, I'm all fired up!
School used to take up most of my time, but now I get to spend it practicing with you two.
So...
All right! We'll set our sights on becoming Primas today as usual! Let's-a-go!
Yes!
Here, President Maa.
Say, pretty please, pretty please!
Geez... What are you doing?
That's really perfect, Athena!
So Athena, I guess that means you're my valued customer from this moment on?
Ma'am, please forgive me, but isn't this the first time we've met?
Ah, I'm sorry.
Well then, Ma'am. Where shall we head next?
Let's see...
It really is a perfect day for a picnic, isn't it?
Miss Undine.
Yes...
Lastly, may I request a song?
...Orange Princess.
"Alice really is amazing, isn't she? I kind of admire her for it!
Is something bothering you?
She's really a young maiden in love.
Today is Alice's first day working as a Prima!
I'm glad we came here.
Definitely!
Umm! We just happened to be passing by...
Please tell me honestly what you thought!
This... is the first time I've ever been moon-gazing.
W-What's with that face?!
Akari...
Listen, President Maa!
Please, go!
Yes, that's the spirit! Keep it up!
Ah, the moon...
I wonder why the moon revolves around Aqua?
They mine minerals and perform chemical experiments which can only be done in a vacuum.
I hear the "Rabbit-Pounded Rice Cakes" sold at the space station are really tasty!
They also come with a haiku collection book about the moon, so I'm really looking forward to it!
Not allowed!
Gnomes are always working in the dark and can see really well at night, so...
I can't believe you fell down into a well like that.
Let's eat.
Huh?
Princess Motivated?!
What's that?
In her case, it's not just about becoming a Prima.
This is quite difficult.
Thank you very much!
From the bottom of my heart, I hope that your vacation will be a memorable one.
Yum!
About Junior skipping a rank and getting promoted to Prima.
One of her gloves was removed, and then off came her other glove.
Right!
Enough! Be quiet!
Orange Princess!
Orange Princess?
I'd be happy to.
Anything would be fine. Do I not have any?
Campanile!
Yeah, it was fun!
Something yummy!
Slap-slap.
Slap...
I'm so lonely...
I just got back.
What are you doing here at this time of night?
You know that pizza shop we always go to?
Me too!
The usual three...
Because Alice was promoted to Prima before us,
Hey, Aika.
I'm sorry, Akari.
I'm sorry.
Congratulations on your promotion to Prima, Aika!
...there's one more thing I have to tell you.
For a while now, Akira has been agonizing about when to give Aika her promotion exam.
Ah, I see.
Yes?
Sideburns!
What? I see.
Sideburns!
It seems like it might stop in the afternoon, doesn't it?
It stopped raining.
Oh! Here she comes, Akatsukin!
It feels as though those warm colors surround us and soothe our hearts, doesn't it?
Yes, it's normally restricted.
Narrower than any other canal I've ever passed through.
...and firmly pushing me forward.
Say, Akari.
That...
Just like the endless sky and sea that gently surround all of Aqua...
I'm so glad that I met you.
Akari.
That far off future was suddenly upon us...
Yes, it looks great on you!
Akatsuki...
It's true.
So?
And the association will be handling her retirement ceremony, so...
Ever since the day she told me about her retirement,
I'm sorry, Alicia. About this document...
Huh?
They're all such wonderful things, and I should be really happy, but...
I see.
It's delicious.
I see.
You'll be all right.
...I'm being helped in all sorts of ways, by a lot of people.
Yeah.
This precious mirage will vanish in the morning air.
You look bored.
You could come visit Ukijima, if you want.
The self-imposed rule she's most passionate about lately is...
You're such a little kid.
Alice was angry, saying that it would affect Athena's work as an Undine, but...
"Himeya's Akira is shining brightly as the reigning number one Prima.
...and smiles that wonderful, unchanging, Water Fairy smile.
Good morning, Akari.
It's really heavenly.
Huh?!
I'll be fine, I'll be fine.
You got jealous watching us eat ice cream, didn't you?
You're even wearing Mu-kun pajamas.
I can wear any pajamas I want.
She did, but my point is...
Ehh...
Then, what would you do if Alicia were seeing Al?
Well, it's because...
"Because Al and Aika are in..." The part after that.
Well, there's usually a long line at the panini shop, but there was no one there today!
What should we do about the panini?
This shop grills them on the spot when you ask, so they smell great and taste delicious.
That's not it...
Anzu! You bought pork buns again?! And three people's worth?!
They're, let's see... chocolate buns, super spicy pizza buns, salt pork buns, chestnut buns...
I get that there aren't any regular pork buns in there.
Wait, wait! If we're going to eat, we should eat the rice balls.
Wait! Then, what about my panini?
Um, what about my chocolate buns and super spicy pizza-
How'd it go?
If only we could get a few more people to join us...
They also brought food?
Huh? A tournament?
It's a 3-on-3 mini-soccer charity tournament sponsored by Neo-Venezia's Tourism Association!
That's all there is to it.
The ball is my friend...
"Gondola coming through!" Now you!
All right, that's the spirit! Let's do our best!
I guess one day's practice wasn't enough, after all.
A city of light and shadow.
Picture Drama Episode 4 is...
My, my.
You are the heir to this Hime'ya Empire.
I will not let you down!
A'licia!
Watch out, Lady A'licia!
Please dodge things like that, Senior Warrior A'thena!
No sappy lines a'llowed!
...Alice's Ghost Story.
Not at all.
It's okay, we can just wait until it starts.
Sure we can wait, but there's nothing to do in the meantime.
Okay, then.
Anyway, back to the story.
Wh... Why are you both looking at me? How should I know if Al is okay with them?!
Geez! Don't stand behind me without saying anything!
Ah, thanks.
T-T-That can't... No way!
Shh!
Ah, I just heard something!
It apparently happened after the fireworks show was over.
His name was...
Dan-da-dan dan-dan-da-dan...
...is the same color as my burning blood!
Refuse Beam, fire!
Stop acting so conceited, Pony-boy!
Ah, Al!
I will fulfill this duty with all my might!
...and ate one of the walnut breads.
I-It can't be...
Akatsukin took out his secret weapon!
They're still nice and warm!
Do you think Aika could have forgotten to put it in?
Aria The Origination.
The smell of spring...
It looks like the azuki beans are done boiling, too.
Then we'll steam it, mix in the mashed mugwort,
I'm starting to get a fair amount of bookings now.
Huh?
Eh? Just... deliver them out of the blue?
Do you really think it's okay for us to suddenly visit her house like this?
I was quite surprised.
But you know what?
Sooner or later, you can no longer support them on your own.
A precious apprentice coming all the way to visit...
Somehow, they make my heart feel lighter.
I'm back, President Aria.
Good morning!
Good morning, Woody.
It's so familiar, and so wonderful.
However, I got to see those fine sideburns instead, so I'll let this one slide for today.
Eh?
In my case, it's not just about becoming a Prima.
Yes, for Senryu poetry books.
That's right!
It made me realize that I have a long way to go until I can be like you.
Are you finally going to have an apprentice, Alicia?!
It's good to climb it every once in a while.
Yep. Akira said the three of us should go up the Campanile together.
we'll have to walk away from our gondolas someday, too.
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
And then...
Huh?
Then, you came along, Akari.
Well, I was asleep when I arrived...
I contacted him before we left.
But you always stood by me, without any hesitation.
Wow!
Amazing, amazing! This is amazing!
Maybe it's because you don't have anything to smile about.
Hey, hey, stop, stop!
Aika-chan, all right, all right.
I can see for myself.
You're really nosy!
I guess it's to be expected a rising talent like that is totally full of herself.
but they get as much business as companies that are 100 years old.
They're gonna hold onto it too.
OhAh, good morning.
Excuse me.
She really works hard, doesn't she.
I feel sorry for them.
You're over-steering!
It's okay, really.
Um... err... um...
Even though he talks like that, why does she say it all so frivolously?
She's just like the others.
Huh? Well...
Sideburns...
I feel sorta happy now.
Still, I'm amazed a guy as short-tempered as you could wait this long for me!
The people who emigrated to Aqua from Manhome...
Don't fight the current.
If I try really hard to make my heart feel light,
I was asked to deliver a letter!
Even people who are far apart and can't speak to each other directly,
can let their feelings be known.
It's wonderful, isn't it?
Yeah. The weather will be nice tomorrow as well.
I baked some cookies. Wanna get some tea to go with it?
Wha? Are you two just teasing me?
Woody-san, are you done with work for the day?
Sure!
But it's a really old type.
Is it really that old?
Sure thing!
What's down that canal, President Aria?
But you promised...
You're the only one who has noticed me.
The postman's looking up the address for me right now.
A gift for you.
Thank you.
A pioneer base?
Yeah. It was built way back when they were making the ocean on this desert planet.
But I doubt anyone's living out there now.
I just know there's someone out there waiting for this letter.
Right!
Yeah!
And here we are now, swimming in it like fish.
I'm gonna speed up a little.
We'll take a break on that island up ahead!
Is most of your work within Neo-Venezia?
That's right, most of it.
Right!
Are these... gravestones?
Hm...
Then, where could the person from the address be?
Maybe no one's here anymore.
But why would that girl have a letter like that.
The sea level's risen quite a bit!
Well, things have been a little hectic after getting sent to Aqua so suddenly.
That's why we're digging for water, you said.
Stop that Ami!
What that girl wanted to send him... were these feelings.
Yeah. I'm sure we could.
I baked some cookies. Wanna get some tea to go with it?
Whoa-a!!
Ai-chan, in Neo-Venezia, along with water fairies and fire watchers,
Somehow, this is the sort of scenery that makes me want to hurry home for the night.
I'll look into it when I get back to the post office.
Thank you very much.
It's you!
Did you deliver it?
You're the only one I can rely on...
Ami, do we have a guest?
Postman-san, how did it go?
One of them had the same name that's written on the letter.
But since I promised, I have to go.
Well, is that everything then?
HuhEh? Uh... Yeah!
I'd rather you compare it to dolphins or mermaids or something.
I just think that's kind of wonderful.
Looks like it, which means people must live around here.
I borrowed it from the florist.
Maybe that letter was mailed before news of the accident reached the writer,
The sea level's risen quite a bit!
And if that's true, it's like you've come back home to me.
Stop that Ami!
Nothing can stop that cat.
They were carried to him.
Ai-chan, after we got back to Neo-Venezia, I tried to find that canal again,
Wondrous things.
Why? When do we stop believing in them?
I can't believe I just received this! It's an invitation to Neverland!
Could that be it? Is that Neverland?
I thought it was this way, but...
It's gotta be that way... or not?
Yeah.
More importantly, this place is hsuch a totally average little island...
No one's ever held a grudge against me, unlike you.
Of course.
All right! Everyone, forward!
This is the worst possible outcome I could ever imagine.
Your special training started as soon as you made your way to this island!
This... is... really... hard!
Again!
You guys have no spirit. No spirit!
We're going to show you how it's done now.
I really feel the same.
Mmm! These sandwiches are great, Alicia!
My, my, thank you.
Good question. For the afternoon...
Akari-chan, you're always looking out at the ocean.
Ah...
I feel like I'm Peter Pan down there!
My skin's rough and my body's aching.
My, my, my, my.
You're really sexy dynamite!
Somehow, it's been a day full of wonderful things!
Handling an oar is really more important than singing!
Go, team! Go, team! Go, team!
Kaza High!
Thank you for waiting.
Uh, well, you have to be careful not to overcook the stone-roasted bibimbap.
Oh, okay.
Is that enough?
Just kidding.
No.
I've never been able to play it this well before!
You should use this.
Part B
Come on, let's eat.
And someone who sneezes loudly.
It's going to rain.
Kase in the kitchen is pretty cute, but I don't like him because he seems like a playboy.
He kind of smells!
Thank you.
I didn't bring an umbrella.
See you tomorrow!
See you tomorrow.
Manager.
What are you gonna make?
Wow!
I made it.
Does your mom know that you're here?
What are you gonna do, then?
Well, probably read some books.
the other day I did go see a movie for the first time in ages.
What is this?!
It's Tsubu!
Mom said we can't keep him.
Make sure to apologize to her, okay?
I see.
How's Tsubu doing?
Yeah?
Tsubu! Tsubu! Tsubu! Tsubu! Tsubu!
I see.
One set meal A. One rice.
Okay.
Yuuto-kun?
The door's unlocked!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Did you hear something just now?
Yo-kai, Yo-kai, Yo-kai! Yo-kai Yo-kai Yo-kai Yo-kai Yo-kai!
I'm sorry. Why don't you keep him at your mom's?
I'll just run this down to the laundromat.
Oh, come on.
Yep! Here you go!
Was there an umbrella like that at my place?
Hm?
Um, Manager.
How's Tsubu-chan doing?
Huh? Oh, great.
Boss! I've got some veggie scraps here for Tsubu-chan!
You know what Kubo-san...
I see.
Never mind.
Let's go have tea somewhere.
Don't be silly!
I borrowed my sister's nail polish without asking her the other day,
and she got really angry at me.
Really?
I want one too.
Um...
Tachibana.
Huh?
Your dad likes reading?
No!
You wouldn't believe how many people there were! I barely made it in time!
You're transferring schools?
Where to?
Look at this one! It's so cute!
It's true!
and I feel like I'm melting into the sky.
Huh? Oh, Tachibana-san! That's right, you live around here, don't yo
maybe some belles-lettres. ed note: You don't say...
If there's one you think is worth reading, then, um...
I dunno, maybe it's fate, maybe we've got something going on,
Huh?
Let's go!
We'll bring you another right away.
Because you know, this one ended up a little burnt...
Hey, papa! Guess what? I played the whole song!
Please excuse the noise!
Some old rhyme, right?
Huh?
From the soccer team!
Well, I guess...
And she scores! What a shot!
Thank you, Haruka.
Yeah.
What's up?
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
Waiting out the rain in here can't be much fun.
The damn weather report didn't say a thing about this.
Thanks.
Oh.
What is it?
Hm? Her boyfriend?
what do you say we exchange contact info!?
My friend's workplace has a group chat that's approved by their manager.
She's disappeared again.
Um, c-can I...
What kind of book is it?
Come on. Go do your job.
Oh, okay.
Hurry!
The weather is awful out there. I wonder if the trains are still running.
Huh?
So I want to get to know you.
I'm not the kind of adult you think I am.
You're young and full of hope.
I hugged you as your friend!
Are you going to be okay on your own, Manager?
You mean like an app?
But I'm pretty sure the boss...
Mmhm.
Actually, someone I know wrote it.
Well, you could say that.
I'm just a plain old middle-aged guy.
Shouldn't you stay home?
R-Right!
You must be tired, Tachibana-san. Go ahead and take your break.
You're backing the manager into a corner, you know. I almost feel sorry for the guy.
Can't you see how troubling this is for him?
Or maybe you're backing yourself into a corner, Tachibana-chan.
In fact, I'm grateful.
Wonder what happened? She seemed totally fine yesterday!
Part A
I wonder if it's gonna be okay.
No matter what the excuse is,
Oh, hi there.
A summer festival...
You like sunflowers and curry?
You have exams coming up.
Hey!
You used to hang out with that girl with the almond eyes.
Oh, Akira...
I'm all right.
I'm sorry.
I thought I hadn't seen her in a while, but I didn't know it was because she got injured.
No.
and as the star of the track team,
try not to worry about it too much.
Oh, are you doing your summer homework?
I see. Homework for your remedial class, huh?
I understand it, but...
A courage to become a thief instead of starving to death.
The thing he thought of as something evil became a virtuous reason to live.
What? A sequel?
Oh, sorry.
What would you do, Manager?
If you were that servant,
Well, I don't think I can be one.
Masami Kondou.
C-Can we be friends too, Boss?
What!? But you just said
Definitely acquaintances!
I was so happy, I couldn't help offering.
It doesn't matter how you start.
As long as you can find common ground here and there,
This'll be our secret, okay?
I'll be heading back, then.
Oh, well, I...
But for the record, now you know I didn't quit just for exams.
Huh.
Last one for today!
O-Oh! What've you got there? Summer vacation homework?
You mean Akutagawa's Rashomon!?
Yeah...
Which part is giving you trouble?
Now that's food for thought...
I... No, I don't think I would.
Even after the rain stopped, I'm not sure I would have been able to move from that spot.
I see your pimple's cleared up!
I gotta say, Nishida-san, I'm really digging this haircut!
Oh, Yoshizawa-kun!
Thanks for waiting.
They're each 300 yen.
I'll have the tangerine one.
Oh, but we did see you at the bookstore the other day.
What?
I want to do it too.
I don't think it's pathetic.
Your manager?
Akira.
You don't tell me anything anymore.
You say you want me to talk to you and ask you about things,
Sorry, Akira! I gotta go!
Part B
How have you been?
I borrowed it from the library.
I can't believe you still have this.
How long have you been divorced?
Well, it's not something to brag about.
It's cheap, tasty, and loud!
I can't walk anymore!
Kondou.
You're going to walk, right?
Let's go to the next place!
Really?
What's up with Kyan?
A full moon.
What happened with your friend in the end?
I'm sure you've shared moments together that are irreplaceable.
and also for your friend.
There she is!
Okay, let's go.
Jeez. The nerve of him!
I'd like to try, too!
Here you go.
do you have a crush on that guy?
But he's like, super old!
Akira.
"You could have just asked"?
It definitely brings back memories.
It just so happens I was reminded of you the other day.
You seem as upbeat as ever.
I know you're probably not into my stuff,
Nah.
Oh, Takada-sempai.
How long have you two been divorced now?
I still can't believe you bailed on our trip to India for your wedding!
This again? That's the eighteenth freaking time you've asked me that!
Bzzt! Is not! That was only the fifteenth time!
Yeah, get on in.
Bet you'll never guess.
I know! It's gotta be Nagoya.
Bathroom, maybe?
Hm?
We were on the same team together and used to hang out all the time,
even if you and your friend had a falling out,
That's true of you, and of your friend too. I'm sure of it.
Take these to table 13.
Huh?
Yoshizawa is funny.
Pink gerbera daisies.
Yui, you're hungry, aren't you?
Yes. I can feel the intense phytoncide coming from them.
She was amazing in the relay at the sports festival.
Doesn't your school have a track and field team?
I'm promoted to manager?
Um, Manager.
Yes?
Can you take your socks off by yourself?
Manager.
Well, isn't Yoshizawa your boyfriend?
Oh, I totally misunderstood.
Let's take a look at your injury then.
No worries at all.
At any rate, you live in a really convenient area.
There's no need for that!
But I should still apologize to your mother.
You're wearing something casual too.
What?
Can somebody take our order?
Someone lend me some lip balm, I'm drying up.
Thank you very much.
Anyone who's not too busy, a moment please!
Just wash the dishes for now, newbie.
Be right there!
Pumpkin pudding!
Chocolate banana crepes!
Thank you for coming!
Sir! You forgot something!
About six months ago, she got injured...
Huh? Tachibana-san?
Better hope the manager doesn't see this.
Yes!?
Let's start the examination, then.
Are you gonna be all right on your own?
Yeah, thanks. Sorry for leaving early like this.
Don't even worry about it!
Seeing as their dearest daughter got injured on my account,
W-Well, okay...
That's really funny!
I was just thinking you give off a much
Well, I kinda got a sense of dj vu just now.
Thank you for waiting. Your sweet rice dumpling parfait with brown sugar sauce.
But man, your neighborhood sure is lively!
I'm hoping you can recommend some books for me, as my friend.
Sure.
She's not my daughter.
So you brought good books, right?
What a nice daughter.
What? No can do!
No way.
You're such a bookworm!
I choose this one.
I think your wound has healed.
Come again.
Not yet. It's a little too difficult for me.
No, you don't need to.
This is one of the best parts of secondhand books.
Is this...
It might even forget about the others.
I'm glad I got to hear your words.
What? My words?
Sorry I'm late!
Nice to meet you.
We're friends!
Short but sweet. Loaded with charm, too.
Really!?
It's no use.
Still, in all my years in this business, I've never met a bigger bookworm than him.
A novelist?
Did you find a good book?
You drive a mean bargain!
Tachibana-san, pick out any postcard you like.
And that was our guest for today, Chihiro Kujou!
Hi there.
This is the book I bought the other day.
We did?
Sorry for rambling on like that.
What?
Yeah.
Part A
Get back!
Akira!
Let's see.
Okay, okay.
I'll be back before this evening.
Tachibana.
Time is money.
Okay.
Oh, I need to get going.
She had the same injury you had two years ago.
Seriously?
My room is really messy too.
His name is just Tsubu.
It wasn't like there was something beyond that point,
I guess that's what is commonly referred to as being young and thoughtless.
I can't write anything anymore.
I wanted to see you
I came here to see you today because I wanted to caution myself.
But I wanted to stay true to my dream and my writing aspirations.
You live an honest life.
Yeah.
You're still living for that one dream.
and you're trying to reach a higher point in literature.
Whoa, this says Kurata-san from Minami High beat her personal record for the 100-meter!
Hm? Yeah. I didn't know that was what she injured, though.
You know, I would really hate to see Tachibana-senpai give up on running.
Right, right! I'm going!
Aw man, this is bad. I completely forgot that folder.
And not just from track... from us, too!
Kilimanjaro Coffee, complete with filters!
That's only one minute with a syphon maker like this one.
That book is nothing more than pop-culture tripe. It's a piece of shit.
Gotcha!
Not being able to see what's ahead is what's great about it.
Ow, that's hot!
Going to the head office again today?
See you, then.
It's average.
Okay.
It made me feel like the time has finally come.
Are you going to a beauty school, Yui?
What made you decide you wanted to become a hairdresser?
How many are in your party?
Come to think of it, he's been going to the head office a lot recently.
And they'll assign a new manager to this place.
Teach me.
What?
The finish line?
It doesn't matter if I fall as long as I pick myself up and run.
Swing your arms as hard as you can.
I appreciate it.
He'll run till he crosses the finish line.
I remade it.
You're all set now.
The moment has finally come.
I agree.
As a result,
Akira!
Yep!
Here.
It'll stop raining soon.
Goodbye.
Good morning!
Yeah, let's go!
Yeah, we have to do those career aspiration sheets for school.
I'm heading out now. Look after the place while I'm gone.
Yep, sure do!
Wow!
When you go pro, you can bet I'll be first in line!
Nice name, don't you think? Kazamizawa, where you can see the wind!
Yuuto-kun, what happened to your nose?
Sure.
Hooray!
Want to take a break?
No giving up?
Otherwise, you can't say you gave it your best.
He'll make it to the goal for sure.
You mean your novel?
Thank you very much.
See you, then.
Hold on, Haruka.
Don't cry!
Tachib
Hello? Yes, hello!
What?!
Excuse me?
Hey.
Tachibana, you can take your break now.
My apologies!
He's in the office.
My apologies!
Come on, let's eat.
It's from a song.
Who's that?
He's on the soccer team!
Yeah! Let's hear it!
Not really.
Do you have a meeting?
The meet is coming up soon.
Miyano isn't here today, but he's definitely out of the question.
Then,
Huh? The manager?
Um...
Take these to table 13.
Um, if you're not busy, please come over here.
This is Yoshizawa. He'll be working part-time.
One ice cream and one chocolate parfait.
Oh!
You would know more about her since you're her classmate.
Yes.
Will that be...
I'm so sorry.
Seriously?
Um...
My apologies.
Huh? What? Huh?!
What?
No.
What?
Thanks.
Are you going to be okay on your own?
Give my regards to him.
You've injured your leg before?
What?!
Are you okay walking around like this?
Anyway, they're supposed to be pink, not red.
I just had a case of dj vu.
I'm glad to hear that.
Uh, okay.
Come on, what is it?
Oh, what a surprise!
Well, actually, I'm going to participate in the next meet.
Woo-hoo!
She's right.
You are?
Oh, sorry.
You might even be able to compete with the guys.
What's wrong?
I like you.
I'm sorry to have troubled you.
Lemme know if there's any way I can help!
I'd like to know your answer.
We haven't had a welcome party for Yoshizawa yet.
Oh, sounds great. All you young people should go.
I can't give you an answer.
But it's not!
I like you, Manager!
I don't think you need a reason if you like someone around the same age,
I just like you.
What?
You called yourself a boy.
You don't get it at all.
You'll go on a date with me?!
Just try going on a date with me.
Yeah, on a date...
Yet there was no one besides the man."
Yes.
Hi there.
What about this Saturday?
I look forward to it.
Seriously?!
She's so unfriendly.
Were you studying?
You don't want me to?
Yes, I did.
I heard it's pretty scary.
Hurry up and...
That's all in the past.
Hey, we finally established eye contact.
But isn't it creepy that he's a 45-year-old man?
Wait.
You phone's ringing.
Hello? Hello?
I-I'd like to go somewhere you'd like to go.
Uh-oh.
We'll continue this next time.
Part B
Shall we go, then?
Hey, Angelica! It's me! You remember me, right?!
My god, Angelica!
I'd like to have something to drink.
Well, occasionally.
Speaking of which, that movie we just watched...
Where do you want to go after this?
Um, let's get going.
Is that so?
I'll see you at the Garden then.
Akira, you went to watch the same movie twice?
They're definitely not the same.
Yep!
But...
There are a lot of cars around here.
I'm really worried.
Huh?
Let's surprise him!
Yep!
It looks good.
Yep!
Really?
What else do you do, then?
Ghost, ghost, ghost, ghost!
Tachibana?
I see.
I found a frog!
A frog!
Huh?
Oh, Tachibana, you were saying?
Oh, thanks!
Oh, I might still have some toys at my place.
Oh, never mind.
Everyone's in there with the manager.
Aren't you gonna say hi?
Also, don't talk to your older sister like that.
Thanks for waiting!
We'll be in different schools for this year's meet.
Akira, you want to go to Kazamizawa High School, right?
Well, don't tell anyone else.
Akira.
Thanks.
Oh, thanks.
Part B
What?
Sorry about that.
I'll never shout again.
Something that you think I should definitely read.
I'm about to leave.
Texting with our manager? Give me a break. It'd be awful.
You're amazing, Manager.
Yeah.
What?
Huh?
You're brilliant.
I can remember those treasured emotions that I've forgotten.
Friends?
Actually, I don't think a manager and an employee should be friends.
If you don't cut them shorter, you might get fired before we even become friends.
Friends?
That's right!
Yoshizawa, what's wrong?
I'm in trouble.
What?
Um, I...
I guess this'll do.
I want to text you.
You like sunflowers and curry?
Hey!
I'm all right.
I think having someone like you who cares about her helps Tachibana feel better.
It's homework for my remedial class.
I see. Homework for your remedial class, huh?
I understand it, but...
The servant who would've starved to death met a certain person inside the gate.
but she told him she was going to sell them as wigs.
A sequel...
That's a pretty interesting answer.
Oh, Yoshizawa!
There she is!
Thanks for waiting.
Sorry. It took me a long time to get ready.
Wow, fish!
It's been a long time, Shou.
You were with a friend, so we didn't say hi.
Here.
Here. Use this.
Akira, which one are you aiming for?
I think that string is getting more fragile each year.
Akira.
This is the first time we've hung out since I quit the team.
In the end, none of us made it past the prelims at the meet.
Ishii was frustrated about it too.
Sorry, give me a minute.
Akira.
We were so lucky!
This place brings back memories.
Thanks for waiting!
Oh, you found Midori's name?
It's cheap, tasty, and loud!
I can't walk anymore!
Are you all right?
You're going to walk, right?
The station isn't far from here.
Huh?
What?
You're sulking.
Okay, okay.
The world better be ready for me!
Kondou, you're still handwriting your manuscript?
There's no way I can tell from that.
I got into a fight with my friend.
Seasonal job, huh?
That's an old postcard that someone actually wrote a long time ago.
No.
there were many thoughts only the two of them understood.
Really?
Sorry.
I'm sorry!
What?
Right.
Are you off to work after this?
You've been doing it for a while. It's at a diner, right?
Well, I hope I can keep on writing things that make you feel that way.
I don't think it's meant to be transparent.
Sorry. I should just shut up.
I'd like to hear your words more,
My words?
the swallow that truly gives up on flying
South High's Kurata set a personal best in the 100-meter dash.
Huh?
Yeah, but I didn't know she was injured that badly until now.
Okay!
Hey, Akira!
Well, let me know if you want to order anything else.
Hey, Akira.
Huh?
What's that?
I brought something good today.
Shall we be on standby then?
That idiot. He does have some.
Here.
There's a penalty if you can't write a short story before the coffee drips.
I'm a rock in a raging torrent that'll change the tide of literature.
because you know who I used to be.
You're not allowed to stumble.
Just kidding!
You feel like you shouldn't write if you don't feel the same as before.
I want to pour in a deadly poison.
Someone left this behind.
Part A
Just take me like this.
Just hearing about career paths makes my stomach hurt.
Academically speaking.
You too, Tatsubana!
See you guys later!
Yeah.
What?
I see.
I see.
I'm sure you can.
Come to think of it, he's been going to the head office a lot recently.
It's huge!
It's so cold!
I fell during P.E.
What were you doing?
That's it.
I'm fine.
Don't give up.
Yep!
Your legs will move more when you do that.
As you all know,
This part is really difficult. I'm serious.
Of course.
What is it?
Go ahead, ask away.
Well, I feel like I might not perform that well.
I'm sorry.
I think everyone will be thrilled, and we need your advice!
Please!
What? Are you leaving already?
I like you.
Hello.
Talk about creepy!
My leg is still recovering, and I seem to have a cold, as well as a fever.
I'm sorry.
Tachibana, I'll drive you to the train station.
Also, we need to talk about what you were saying before.
Don't you get it?
But...
Huh?
You don't get it at all.
Yeah, on a date...
Let's lend her an ear, ladies!
So? What's up?
Well, it turns out I'll be competing in the next track meet!
Oh, very impressive!
I think everyone would be glad to see you and get some advice!
Please!
Yo.
Really!?
So Tachibana-senpai, which restaurant do you
Coach said we could use the starter pistol!
Get a load of this!
How do you feel about me?
I don't have an answer for you.
It doesn't matter what other people think!
You said I should go on a date with you, right?
What? Uh, well, I just meant...
or the courtier with a soft black cap.
Yes, I agree with you.
Absolutely.
Uh-huh.
If it's a high school student, I want to teach a girl.
It's on the house.
Were you studying?
Leave it there when you're done looking at it.
Hurry up and...
You call this a date?
Uh-oh.
We'll call it a day.
Are you sure you want to throw it away?
You look different today.
Oh, I have a different hair style than usual.
No matter how many times I watch it, I think it's a good movie.
I see.
Shall we head back since we finished watching the movie?
Oh, do you come here often, Tachibana?
I see.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, Tachib
Akira, you went to watch the same movie twice?
I don't know.
You're not taking this seriously, Tachibana-san!
N-No, I mean, that was
in sedge hat or nobleman's headgear,
Oh, the shift schedule for this month is up. Have a look.
Cool.
I saw the new shift schedule, and...
On a date.
Hm? A part-time gig?
Huh? Is your break over already?
Sure, but...
Man. Well, let's get to it, then.
Yeah!
Also, here. That should cover my ticket, the pamphlet and the drink.
Welcome!
Yes.
Anywhere! Um, anywhere you'd like to go is fine with me, Manager.
Whoa.
Um...
Well then, I guess we should get going, huh?
Oh, look at me, acting like an old geezer!
I don't need the receipt.
Um...
Yes? Yes. Oh, really?
Thank you for today.
No! They're different!
RECENT COLLEGE GRADUATES JOINT JOB INTERVIEW
Thank you very much.
Look around you
I was just lying down.
It's okay. Leave it to me.
-Yes. -Yes.
You used to play a lot with Tsubasa.
He doesn't have a driver's license.
from your place for money.
I'm not kidding, you idiot.
Building B, Room 102.
Juri, calm down.
This is the job
There's not enough time!
Stop, Juri.
That's enough.
I'm going.
I don't know...
What's going on here?
Hey, do you mean
Right. No one.
I was taught how to use The Stone,
but even my grandfather didn't know where The Stone came from.
Or men go to peep into women's baths.
People start off stealing coins. Then they move to bills,
That's what I heard from my grandfather.
Are they really here?
I thought
Is it these guys?
When?
Don't chicken out!
If you get serious about it,
Ever-changing memory is therapy
You're gone
Climb! Climb!
If it joins the battle, we'd have the advantage.
It's always better to have more strength.
who harms our family.
Look around you
Do it.
What?
What are you talking about?
Well...
Anyway, I'm going to protect Makoto! That's what I'm going to use the Handler for!
Hey, old man.
They're coming.
Then you can tell them
Good. I'll just have to give them a warm welcome.
Well...
This movement isn't of his own will.
Makoto, just a little more!
Your grandpa over there would be sad.
Even without The Stone,
I sense a vortex of particles from the Specters swirling in my body.
Sometimes, faith is what's needed to make things turn out well.
I'm not the type of person to talk like a priest.
Every religion has a pillar,
Great!
I washed it, but it won't come off.
Did you use soap?
Please punish me instead.
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
The next episode, "The Eleventh Moment."
it was all for fun.
Look up Realizing it's all past
Look up Realizing it's all past
THE ELEVENTH MOMENT
I let him fool around as much as he wanted until the very end.
there's nothing attractive about living in the normal world anymore.
But, more importantly...
Thank goodness I was here to finish him off.
What's that?
Damn! Hey! Where did his brain go?
The cloud of dust went that way.
-Dive! Dive! -They might dig it up someday during city planning.
Let Dad be the one who blames the past.
it's going to become normal to me!
You want to protect Makoto above all else, don't you?
I woke up because you were being too loud.
but this guy was valuable in battle.
Look closely from different angles.
Can you see down below?
They're so dense that they just burst.
Which means...
Or should we finish him off all at once?
come to an end.
This... Is this his...?
Shake Shake Shaken Empty
Inside the bowl called me There's nothing it's so boring
Autumn passes right by
I mixed it with my fingers directly.
What are you planning to do?
I want to make sure he gets an education.
Oh, I dont have any water, hot or otherwise.
What are you writing?
Oh, youre right.
-Hey, Grandpa... -Oh! This is it. This is it.
But...
I dont know how to do it,
Okay, okay.
My sister is amazing.
That's right. Its almost been half a year already.
How about living with me here like this?
If you throw up,
If we wait until your stomach is empty again...
TODAY
I should feel privileged.
Lets go home.
Well, then.
Taking a walk and looking at the scenery
Goodnight.
I thought that coming to a lively place would cheer me up.
Was that a hallucination?
Did I go crazy?
But... Is there a point
You made quite a fortune, right?
In 1880.
I see... In 18... What?!
I wonder if I'll be locked out until the morning.
Next candidate.
Too fast I feel torn Ah ah...
Ah ah...
Look up realizing it's all past
My sister, Sanae, had Makoto without knowing who the father is.
I'm not talking about you, Grandpa.
You haven't left the house in a while.
-Yes. -Yes.
That was a long time ago, right?
I feel like I want to protect him.
Makoto, see you tomorrow!
What is this? I thought it was supposed to be a girl.
I kidnapped Makoto and Uncle Tsubasa
There's that public apartment complex, right? The one they're going to demolish.
The kid is next.
Hold on... Stop.
How am I supposed to get 5 million yen right now?
You'd be wasting your time anyway, but if you tell the police I'll kill them on the spot.
Dad, we don't have time. Lend me your savings.
-What? -Hey, Takafumi.
What do you think you're doing?
What are you doing?
You mean like the Mc on Tv or at parties?
that there's no one moving except us?
People feel surprised the first time they enter. Some even feel amazed.
Anyway,
I thought
-Let's pull it backwards. -Okay.
-What? Who are you? -Why?
We can't take Makoto!
What the hell! how are they on the other side?
True disciples... Yes.
Painful happiness comes over me
Inside the bowl called me there's nothing it's so boring
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
Goodbye
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
What are you hesitating for? this was the plan from the beginning!
Look behind you! Let go of the kid!
Shut up, you religious fanatic.
I don't know what exactly triggers them to appear.
No one's supposed to be able to move, right?
Hey, that's right! Grandpa, that thing!
So the situation hasn't changed.
Apparently, it was originally one of our ancestors. but it looks like it's not protecting the Yukawa family.
Hey, stand up.
Smaller than in the description.
They got smaller...
Redo the spell.
we should be able to enter a Stasis for a different time.
-So... we have to save Takafumi first. -Yeah.
Listen. I'll look out for an opening, and save Takafumi from those guys.
Yeah. Well...
I also talked to Majima about this...
Majima? Ever since she joined half a year ago, she's been sizing us up.
They were waiting for the moment I used the spell!
Grandpa...
Ever-changing memory is therapy
Autumn passes right by
Look up realizing it's all past
Ah ah...
Ah ah...
It wasnt me.
sick all of a sudden Im just going to lie down
Those jellyfish inside our bodies?
What? Whats wrong?
However
Shiomi-san
He was a good leader, but he learned too many secrets.
Huh? Then doesnt that defeat the purpose of these raincoats?
Or perhaps its the brain waves
What do you think?
-Lets talk inside. -Okay.
Did the police catch them? Where are we?
All I know is that I have to protect Makoto
Ma-tan!
The Stone that you see there was originally our principal object of worship.
When did you find out about the Stasis spell?
Well, it was
Well
Just watch see?
Grandpa
Oh, thank goodness! theres someone else here!
The plan was to surround them after the first hit!
After them!
Theres no mistake about it. theyre working with the guys who attacked us.
They dont hesitate to kill.
Goodbye
The next episode, "The Fourth Moment."
Anyways, we have The Stone.
Coming in coming out
Ah, ah...
The Fourth Moment
I see...
The jellyfish... are leaving?
No, what I should be wondering is...
That was the first time Ive ever felt that Stasis was like hell.
Hey!
Are you okay? Breathe! Breathe!
Take a deep breath!
Dont let them get away! Dont let them get away!
Ive cornered them!
Why...
Okay! That settles that.
So? Is it true?
-A girl. Where the bridge is. -What?
Lets hide Makoto and Tsubasa somewhere else.
We cant just leave them there.
Here.
-You must have been pretty surprised, right? -What?
Listen pal, there are limits to how unaware you can be as a sorcerer.
Youd need money to fund your activities.
Yukawa-san.
Do you mean youre leaving Stasis? you cant.
This is the first I've heard of it!
The food would never rot.
No, it wasn't how we tried to kill her.
If it was me, I could have killed her.
Like this!
He wasnt eaten.
Its like Stasis itself has a will.
SEVERAL MONTHS AGO
Our teachings have been passed down since the Meiji Period.
There is no need for more words of teaching now.
What are you hesitating for? This was the plan from the beginning!
From before...
But even I don't know all the rules.
I tried it a long time ago.
People who fooled around too often in this world end up as Handlers.
No way.
Shut up, you religious fanatic.
-Makoto! -Hey!
Yeah. Chasing after the old man was a mistake.
After they search for a while, I'll call them back so we have enough people here. Is that good?
But they were small, right?
What do you think, Ms. Majima?
Who knows...
Redo the spell.
We infiltrated that single frame, and are moving around in it.
That's the issue.
If that happens, then we'd end up leaving Takafumi in this world.
Teach me.
Sorry. I can't.
the compatibility with that jellyfish inside our bodies.
Grandpa! Are you okay?
Oh, right.
Since we can use fire, you brought a gun, right?
What did you talk to that woman about?
You mean using our hired help?
Let's go to the hospital. Ma-tan. The hospital...
If you can, please hold his hand.
I was at an interview today, right?
It's not here!?
I should have noticed!
No blood or semen. Got it?
something unusual begins to happen to her body.
Ive seen someone in my family turn into a Herald.
I wandered into Stasis with my family.
Look around you
Don't that make you crazy now don't that make you crazy now
Excuse me!
What are you talking about?
This feels so good.
Mom?
Youre moving!
Youre okay! Youre still alive!
Yosuke!
Stay back!
Im going to live here too...
Hm? Yeah.
You can report it to Sagawa-san if you think its necessary.
Do you think theyre going to run away?
Thats something, all right!
Not me, though.
Oh well, at least Makoto is still cute.
The Stone should belong to the head of the household, me!
-What?! -What are you talking about?!
Why are you provoking them?!
Youre kidding. when they jump out next,
Then, why is she doing this?
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
Did you see any manmade traces on the body inside the Herald?
Got it.
Thats an interesting thought.
is the states of our brains with respect to The Stalled.
I have to imagine it more clearly...
Hey, bring it on.
They said theyd strike a deal with us If we release
What did you say?!
Don't talk to me about resolve!
This all happened because of your lack thereof!
How can you put my family in danger like this?
Pudding! Pudding!
Oh, we have Jell-O too! lucky!
It dried up and vanished in the morning
The Sixth Moment
Ah ah...
Look up realizing it's all past
Look up realizing it's all past
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Flashback
I might have been a hostage, but at least I was acting as an undercover spy.
Dad!
Oh... it came off...
Dont touch it!
Did he lose weight?
We have the child.
Understand?
And I decided to negotiate with The Genuine Love Society.
Why?
You didnt even know that its possible to summon people who disappeared in Stasis 17 years ago.
Well, anyway, eat this.
I got it.
Are you ready?
Theres one thing I have to do differently from Sagawa.
You mean that was too weak just now?
It has to be stronger?
Theyre right in front of you!
I mean, Its pretty normal to not want to kill a stranger
-who you dont feel any hatred for! -Huh? What are you doing?
If someone was able to summon The Handlers on a whim right now,
It stopped...
It only took him a second.
He recognized me.
-There's three of them, right? -What?
You're gone
Shake Shake Shaken Empty
If you could get what you wanted just by wishing
I would've wanted you to fill me with your voice
Autumn passes right by
Majima hugged her mothers corpse and gazed at him with lifeless eyes.
Coming in coming out
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Ah ah...
The Seventh Moment
What's wrong with you? let me go!
this kid is going to be alive, right?
Juri...
There's no way it's okay.
I know.
If I continue to be a pawn of the Genuine Love Society,
But right now, I still want allies.
We're going to search for The Master Stone zone by zone.
Right in front of our eyes.
I still don't know what he's after, even though I had close contact with him.
The Specters are familiar with the blood of the Yukawa family, who have been coming here for ages.
The key is the mental condition of the person whom the Specter inhabits.
What do you think?
The people here are too pure to survive that.
It'll make you throw up.
Of course it'd get stuck inside.
I guess the clothes make the woman, Juri Obasan.
Let's go crash the headquarters...
Hey. Did Sagawa create The Society just to get his hands on our Stone?
But during the Meiji period, worshipping Stasis became obsolete.
that means The Stalled are completely unprotected right now.
They're looking for The Master Stone around here.
Even if it does involve some risks!
I bet those guys are planning to dispose of the Stone without telling me.
Was someone here?
But if that's what you're talking about, there aren't a lot of options.
Several specialists?
contain ideologies and value systems based on mythology and historical fact.
However, The Great Circle Scriptures contradict the others.
If you're not interested In making the world a better place,
is stuck to this world, just like two sides of the same coin.
It is the power that supports the world.
Inside the bowl called me there's nothing it's so boring
The next episode, "The Eighth Moment."
Sagawa stops hiding his true nature and bares his fangs.
If I get the balance wrong even just a little,
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Look up realizing it's all past
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Just stop this, Miyao-san.
Huh?
My will has been preserved.
I dont mind if you run away.
How am I supposed to know? dont ask me.
Im positive that something unexpected is happening.
What?! what are you doing?
At the very least, hes not going to hurt Tsubasa himself.
And I have to get Dad to teach me exactly how to use the spell.
Theres a toy store here.
The fact that Sagawa took your brother means that hes waiting for you.
I think its not impossible.
-Why do you ask? -I heard about you from Sagawa-san.
-Is it true? -Yes.
Then that means you have to stay alive.
Normally, it would be wrong to do this, but right now, its okay.
My bad. here. I left some money.
Are you sure it was a good idea to send her alone?
How long do we have to wait?
you need 10 times the strength.
You seem like youre floating,
Ow!
That situation was a good opportunity for Sagawa.
Even though losing The Stone is a setback, It doesnt matter that much.
the person who the blood belongs to
Fatigue and emptiness meaningless morals and hesitation
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
I would've wanted you to fill me with your voice
Accepting momentary despair good night
The power of The Master Stone is activated.
This can't be happening.
What?
Hey, you.
Stand back.
Grandpa!
Hey!
Even if we found it,
All you have to do is try to teleport over there! Teleport!
Yeah.
I wasn't sure if that would stop it, but I still...
If we have her use her power to expel the specters from our bodies, we can leave. But...
Do you have to pee again?
The Master Stone is gone.
About Sagawa...
If you press me,
There's a risk
To Sagawa, becoming a Herald is just part of the process.
However, that's just the starting point.
No.
What about their infrastructure? their energy supply?
Conquering the world for just a few decades means nothing in comparison.
If there was any way to avoid it...
it'd be faster just to kill it than believe it, right?
But what are we going to do about that monster?
There's more over there too.
No. This isn't the time for admiration!
I want to drive away this sense of hopelessness that's been hanging over this family!
I'm not going to give up!
Let go of Grandpa!
What just happened?
Yeah. Hey, Grandpa bought me a toy--
Well, then, how should I do this?
What's wrong? Hurry up.
What do you think about using that thing to fight Sagawa?
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
I would've wanted you to fill me with your voice
I saw on the side of your face what looked to be love
Leave it to me, Juri.
As the leader of our family, I'm going to defeat anyone
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Look up realizing it's all past
Ah ah...
Do it.
If he hides inside a house or something, then it's useless.
See? He says he wants to stay with me.
If we give Sagawa more time,
So not only can you control Heralds, you even know the location of the enemy?
The person in charge here right now Is definitely me!
So don't tell the truth until you're an adult.
Neither of us can run away or hide.
Good. I'll just have to give them a warm welcome.
If all they're going to do is appear close by, then I have the advantage.
Are they bluffing?
Sorry.
Their teamwork is a nuisance.
Juri!
That's not recovery.
If you hone your senses, you'll feel your blood tickle.
My family was the head of a religious organization
and those pillars support the world and protect people.
Is his story a revelation for the future? or is it a path to despair?
Gaze at this world It's all upside down
Don't stop no turning back Flashback
Too fast I feel torn Ah ah...
I want to protect my family.
No matter what it costs.
Wait, Juri! I'll do it.
I'm going to leave my granddaughter here with my own hands.
I brought this from Nakamatsu-san's house.
It's a fake sword, so it won't cut.
Dad, what were you doing messing around like that?
Nailed it.
What's happening?!
The cloud of dust went that way.
You're right.
then let's clean up.
Well, just sitting here watching him Isn't doing any good.
She's not mad?
He'll be okay. this will be his good-luck charm.
But Shiomi is a person you can trust.
I'm sure he'll make sure that the Yukawa family Is safe.
-Dig! -I don't like this.
Are you hurt somewhere?
Makoto woke up once and started crying.
Hey, Grandpa.
I just wanted to say your name.
You want to protect Makoto above all else, don't you?
I do. I do listen to her.
Don't call him "this guy."
and we don't know what's happening right now.
Can you make it over here?
No way. Is he getting nutrients through the threads?
Or should we finish him off all at once?
This is the egg of a monster.
This... Is this his...?
Neither of us can go back.
do things over again.
Green summer has come to an end
I would've wanted you to fill me with your voice
Do you think I got germs in it?
-Youre okay with that, right, Grandpa? -It cant be helped.
wed be talking about the realm of spirits and grudges.
Coochy coochy coo. Gulp gulp.
Youre the only one who can smooth things over.
Then you might find an older version of me
Im going to start...
If we stay like this, things are just going to drag on.
Say, Hello, Sanae.
but nothing bad in particular either.
I'm hesitating after all...
I sent the baby over there today.
I need a change of pace.
No depressing thoughts!
Oh. I calmed down your Specters, so youll be okay now.
I cant believe it.
but the original Founder is me.
Well.
I told you. I used to take my husband here often.
-Grandpa? -Hm?
Im back...
Painful happiness comes over me
I saw on the side of your face what looked to be love
Makoto and the others are waiting outside.
Grandpa
Look around you
Don't that make you crazy now Don't that make you crazy now
Look up Realizing it's all past
Ive never seen anything like this before.
Hey! Whats wrong?
I feel kind of
Mr. Kato, dont touch her! Your jellyfish will get expelled!
You idiot! Do you think we have time for that?!
As long as youre sure that you can leave Stasis with your own will,
It used up the amount of energy required to kill one person.
In other words, The Heralds uptime is limited.
Wow! Amazing!
Whats going on?
Hey, come back!
Were not playing tag right now!
Ouch...
-Hey! -You scaredy-cat! Tsubasa!
Yeah. Right.
But according to Majima, the Specter was expelled from the guys body
Can you catch her without killing her?
If youre trying to fool us--
Huh? Shh!
She wasnt at the apartment.
Juri! Im so glad youre safe!
What happened to your neck?
Grandpa
Oh, thank goodness! Theres someone else here!
and so I came outside in a hurry!
Now Im getting a double bonus!
After them!
just in case they jump out suddenly.
Green summer has come to an end
You old man!
Ive been here before, right?
Don't stop No turning back Flashback
That means its time to say bye to your grandpa.
Juri.
I thought that if I taught you the spell, you might use it recklessly...
Thats how I felt.
Run away! Run away!
-Its no use... -This is as far as youre going to get!
-I think I'll pass. -Then Ill go first.
Oh, my God. They piss me off.
I mean I prefer...
Okay! That settles that.
Those ungrateful scumbags!
Yeah. Since about a week ago... No...
That girl...
There might have been...
Yeah.
They've joined The Stalled.
But who knows what theyll try to do?
Wheres Makoto? Did they move him somewhere else?
No, they only took Takafumi. Im sure of it.
You didnt have any prior knowledge, right?
And in small letters, it says Ryogoku... Sumo Hall...
Mr. Yukawa.
it wouldnt be easy to find them.
Im not sure.
They would take The Stone and run far away.
What were they doing?
What do you mean? I was strangling her. Like normal.
No, it wasn't how we tried to kill her.
-You making a fool of me? -Nope, I'm not.
Go take a break.
Theyre the forms of humans who have transformed into inhabitants of Stasis.
So hanging out with The Genuine Love Society turns you into that type of person, huh?
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
Ever-changing memory is therapy
Crazy
Don't stop No turning back Flashback
Look up Realizing it's all past
Ah ah...
Don't stop No turning back Flashback
Look up Realizing it's all past
Don't stop No turning back Flashback
You did step on them! You slammed them real hard!
Lets live here.
Youre moving!
My brother...
You went this far just to test that out?
theres a chance you could turn into a Herald.
I never meant to do that.
Damn!
We have to protect this place so that when Tsubasa and Makoto come back...
I dont think that old man is going to accept a settlement easily.
Im sure it wont be easy.
Well, well.
If we had the Stasis spell,
I cant rely on him anymore.
You said you wanted to make her listen to you, right?
Theyre gone.
I'M GOING TO GET DAD BACK WITH GRANDPA JURI
So, youre telling me that you ran away as fast as you could, right?
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
What are you talking about?!
Ow...
Its all right. You don't have to force yourself.
what I meant was that I want to take their bones back with me.
Dad! Hurry!
Dad, just come with us for now!
Shake Shake Shaken Empty
I didn't even know your name There was no need for words
Coming in Coming out
Don't that make you crazy now Don't that make you crazy now
Ma-tan.
Makoto...
Did they go easy on you in return?
It really is him! Hes moving.
What? Makoto?
Oh... it came off...
I feel the Specter flowing through me just like I feel my blood flowing through my veins.
It cant be helped.
Understand?
Is that Handler...
What's this about her family--
Jesus. You better get back here soon.
Oh! See? Theyre here!
Stay back.
Do what I say.
Im not letting you off easy!
lets begin.
Of course.
JUNJI SAGAWA
Let me go!
-Hurry up and run away! -You can do it!
Shake Shake Shaken Empty
Fatigue and emptiness Meaningless morals and hesitation
Don't be doubtful again I've been patient I wonder if you'll give me your heart one day
It dried up and vanished in the morning
Hey, where's my little sister?
You looked like this when you were just born too.
Gaze at this world It's all upside down
Look up Realizing it's all past
Look up Realizing it's all past
Ah ah...
You don't have to feel responsible for any of this.
I know.
Not bad at all.
I'm going to join you guys.
That whatever-you-call-it society is a religious organization, right?
What? "Only"?
But, do you think you could beat those guys on your own?
At the moment, I'm trying hard not to strangle you to death,
And Shiomi, the expert on hidden video cameras and wiretapping.
He's really interested in Stasis. I don't know what he's up to,
It's not important enough to ask The Great Lord about.
As long as there's a chance of the Yukawa family returning, let's keep a lookout here.
I guess the clothes make the woman, Auntie Juri.
First, I'll use my power to expel all seven members of The Genuine Love Society from Stasis.
He's still a kid.
Sagawa and Yukawa...
If nothing happened, then never mind.
If you rely on something like this, it makes you careless.
The only thing I can think of...
This is the first time I've ever touched it.
Most likely, The Founder...
I forbid you from acting in a way that draws attention from outsiders.
This is my last sermon.
Ever-changing memory is therapy
Goodbye
Accepting momentary despair Good night
Sagawa stops hiding his true nature and bares his fangs.
Ah ah...
Flashback
Just stop this, Mr. Miyao.
Huh?
There are two things I want to check.
The first is whether or not there are any Heralds here in Stasis now.
Ill go and create a situation that makes it easier for you to save your brother.
The last person following Sagawa
Hm? Im sure I could crush it with my teeth if I wanted to,
but that would be inefficient.
No, thats all right.
And here I thought you were going to use me to check for Heralds again.
Would you cooperate in my experiment?
Did Stasis make Sagawa evolve?
use the second daughters power
So you admit it.
No, I dont think so.
while I stayed back where its safe.
Just you wait, Makoto!
How long do we have to wait?
-What did you say? -Quiet!
You seem like youre floating,
Hes played his role as bait.
That situation was a good opportunity for Sagawa.
Even though losing The Stone is a setback, it doesnt matter that much.
No, thats not what I mean...
That was supposed to be the job of those other pieces of trash.
She'll be killed along with the rest of the family.
Sagawa won't go easy on them just because they're children.
We used to take orders from him.
Well, but, you know...
Grandpa!
Isn't there any way to stop this?
That's right. The Stone itself can be considered a location...
Please! You can do it!
You can do it!
I can send them back anyway.
Stop!
See? I can't do what I can't do.
What the--? What were you thinking?
I'll get you guys out.
It looks like you don't have any weapons.
So I'm switching sides.
Sagawa knew it.
About Sagawa...
When you're that close, he can tell how many people there are.
Why did he become a Herald when it means taking such a huge risk?
To Sagawa, becoming a Herald is just part of the process.
It'd be just a moment for that person.
If he releases himself from The Stalled after he moves to the future,
How far will science take humanity?
-Hey, hey! Don't tell me you just realized. -He should just go to the future then!
If we were sure we'd win, then I wouldn't have a problem.
But I don't want to risk my family's lives on a fight.
Now that Grandpa is out...
Hey.
It's coming from the direction of our house!
Stay back! Stop!
Makoto, are you okay?
Why did he turn into a Herald?
You're just imagining things.
Here we go. Climb up over there!
Hey.
Painful happiness comes over me
Fatigue and emptiness Meaningless morals and hesitation
I didn't even know your name There was no need for words
You'll be late for school if you don't get up now!
You can drink this before you go.
New Message To: Yui Was it a dream? Was it real? What do you think?
Oh.
We just ran into each other.
Right?
S-Sure...
a diehard pro wrestling fan
who put the Pro Wrestling Society,
and applied to join the Fancy Club, which had already closed down.
take Nagase Iori, who figured that choosing one club out of so many would be too hard,
take Inaba Himeko, who joined the Computer Club
That should be obvious.
Long story short,
Since I'm representing every boy in high school,
Did you take that down, Inaban?
Of course.
It's going to take a lot of courage to say this.
Huh?
Besides, why would it be you and me?!
I was...
My voice?
Huh?
I'll be fine.
Everyone was calling me Taichi.
Why you...
I mean, after seeing Iori and Taichi like this...
Well, once you've experienced the switch, it's like, so that's it?
Uh, Inaba-san?
I'll find out if this is really Iori.
the latter is easier to swallow.
How am I supposed to interpret that statement?
What's wrong?
Was this a one day phenomenon?
Anyway, we probably don't want to mention this to anyone else.
No point in making our families worry.
Was this really a one day thing?
You didn't look too good this morning.
Oh, are you on your way home?
Yeah, people aren't going to switch bodies every
I'm Aoki Yoshifumi!
I'm Inaba Himeko!
Why do I keep getting stuffed in this yucky body?!
Why don't I get to switch bodies with Iori?!
Nah, skipping class now and then is cool.
Well, you guys are usually good students.
Though you've managed to make me curious.
I want to be considered an open and friendly teacher,
Who did the bookkeeping for our class after the cultural festival?
So why are we here again?
I'm in the
Sorry, it took a while to finish up cleaning
I have a question for you!
What's wrong, Nagase?
Why are you so upset?
What's the 1-3 class rep like?
If you really want to know, I can just tell you.
Oh...
Let's focus on Fujishima-san!
How long have you been standing there?
What's wrong?
Are you feeling under the weather?
panicking about the personality swap.
Heartseed?
Dunno?
I just happen to
That sounds about right, yes.
and when they switch is completely random?
and I'm like, "Yeah, that was fun,"
Also, I recommend that you don't tell anyone else
That would make more trouble.
Um...
Don't expect us to shut up and do whatever you say!
Maybe we should ask someone for help?
we'll need to stay in contact and
It's hard to break habits.
But if one of us girls gets the
Why are you so nice to Taichi?!
What?!
I'm sorry, too.
I'm too busy with practice.
I'll volunteer, so we only need two more.
What?
What?
Wait!
Just let me handle this.
Taichi!
Inaba! Did you find him?
together as a club on New Year's.
Fancy meeting you here, Inaba-san, Yaegashi-kun.
And, uh...
Oh...
The issue with Inaba and Nagase was still up in the air,
Uh-huh!
No...
There you have it.
What do we have here?! This makes no sense!
So basically, Nagase and Kiriyama had their youth restored?
I don't think so.
Sorry, I had stuff to take care of.
Yes, I am Heartseed.
the 12 PM to 5 PM phenomenon will never end.
He's not that kind of person, I guess.
No way! Why did you quit?
Oh, Taichi.
What? Is he your boyfriend?
No, we're on our way to a friend's house.
But I haven't seen Mihashi-san since she moved.
Whoa!
Oh, she's adorable!
That was enough cute to get me through a long time.
What's he talking about?
We can already see signs of Inaba's brilliant mind.
Darn!
Come on, Himeko-chan.
When you were ten, you thought
Huh?
Aoki Yoshifumi! Eleven years old!
Here.
They're so warm.
Women's intuition?
Stop babbling!
A lot of things are different this time around.
Anzu!
Wait!
Hold on!
Then the person holding the baby was the mother?
Huh? The Student Cultural Society.
Why do you ask that?
What happened to the cool you?!
Shut up! I'm Kiriyama Yui!
Oh, er...
What's wrong, Yui?!
But that doesn't change your opinion of Inaban, does it?
That's right.
Why are you saying that? I just want to...
There's nothing wrong with me!
Mihashi-san and I talked
If you never give them an answer,
will their feelings change?
Have you ever not given an answer
But now
But that can't be helped,
Was this your idea, Nagase?
Something important?
in someone else's relationship
immune to time reversal.
Whoa, it's cold!
I really loved you.
It wasn't your appearance.
but everyone was too nice,
I used to hate losing,
If I don't want to be a background character,
Thanks to you, I'm inspired to become strong again.
A-Are you okay?
I see...
Because he's sorted out his memories?
The rest is up to them.
Huh?
Wh-What's wrong, Inaban?
What are you hiding?
Open up! It's Iori!
Number Two possessed my sister,
and told me to look after everyone.
Right, hold on!
No, I'm okay.
It's already eleven, and she still hasn't turned back.
Aoki and Yui really impressed me back there.
He can be violent.
the people around me might have turned out better.
And it looks like I made the wrong choices.
D-Dad?
But I can't go.
Why do you need to protect your mom?
Why...
Wait, Nagase!
Wait up, you idiot!
But this is a private problem.
Well, it might be none of our business.
If you're worried, say something!
Yeah, Iori.
Aoki!
This is exactly what I was worried about.
Mom!
Were you pulling the strings?!
However, he will no longer be able to meddle with you.
In any case, it's all over now.
Nagase-san, do you want another chance?
You must know that it's too late now, Nagase-san.
That's not true.
I always wished I could be my true self.
I like you just fine.
It's your decision to make, Nagase-san.
If I try to deny my past,
I don't want to do that.
Yes, he shouldn't be back for a while.
Isn't there something you want to ask?
Mom, do you love him? Are you happy?
No, because I just wanted Mom to be happy.
What?!
so I wanted to thank him.
So that one doesn't count.
What?
I'm thinking about starting up karate again.
O-Oh... Right, Yui!
and our lives were back to normal.
Especially Taichi.
Where are you going?
Three days ago, Makoto Kobayashi tried to commit suicide by overdosing on pills.
If you complete your training successfully, you'll reenter the cycle of reincarnation.
And you'll be reborn anew.
Doctor!
Ugh...
This is my mother.
His parents were told that his heart was another question, but...
What's wrong?
Is it hard to go back?
I've laid out a bunch of dishes I started making yesterday.
Ah, we're using the Japanese styled room today.
Definitely!
There's more roast beef left.
Oh yeah... There was that time we had the buffet at that hotel...
He went back to get more so many times...
It was really good!
Hey, where have you been all this time?
Are you listening, Parapara?
Damn right!
...that I spent the whole time sleeping!
You look like a little brat, but I'll bet you're really some old grandpa.
That's a painting Makoto did in junior school.
Jeez, he's a midget.
Remembering that is part of your training too.
I bet you're just saying that...
What the heck would I have to gain doing something like that?
I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I'll listen.
Ahaha...
But he's still never considered for promotion.
As for his mother, recently...
He mocks his brother for not being as smart as him.
Ah!
And the person he most admired in the whole world.
Don't go forgetting it again!
At least try and eat your meals.
Sometimes.
The more it pisses me off.
My, isn't someone's heart made of glass...
Then...
How'd you get off acting all high and mighty, anyway?
Jeez, what a weirdo.
Tch...
I'll do my best to catch up on the work I've missed.
Hello.
I don't think that's the sky...
It's at the bottom of the deep, silent ocean, aiming for the surface...
Her name is Shouko Sano.
Said you were like an all new person.
I was really happy to hear it.
It's okay to take it a little bit at a time 'til you're all better.
I don't like having to spring this on you right after you've come back, but...
At least talk it through with your parents, okay?
Later.
Why aren't you drawing? Why?
N...n...no way, I don't believe it.
Just telling you what you want to hear.
I've been sentenced to this hell. I must've done...
Catch you later!
Hey, you bought those?
No, not at all...
I know, but...
- Hey, hurry up! - Shut up!
Hey, what's this shop called?
...just came to buy sweets too.
What was with that old creep?
Things were going pretty well...
Ah, here he is at last.
It's fine. We'll talk later.
What is it? Spit it out.
Let me ask you something.
Purapura...?
Mitsuru found you at a shrine.
Come on then.
If the class finds out you'll be in for it, right?
What'd I used to be like?
You were pure...and honest...
You're not being fair to her.
Heck you made some big ones in your past life.
Aha!
Do you know about this?
The Tama Line.
But look! You know the Setagaya Line? The one that runs from Sangenjaya to Shimotakaido?
You like trains and stuff?
I kind of wanted to follow where that line used to run on foot.
Really?
This line was kind of a blessing for tired legs, huh?
Well, not like we can get much worse anyway.
Wow...
Yep. More than the bruises and the cuts.
A stylish, designer Haniwa.
Ahaha...
Really?
Yo!
Sorry, sorry...
What do you think?
Why did I...?
The most important thing is having a place where I can relax with just my rod and my line.
You'll be cold like that. Want to wear this?
Then how about a scarf?
Woah...
She can't take much more of this, you know.
...your mother did her all to look after her.
...but I had no idea she had been seeing a doctor about it.
I'm not asking you to start loving her again straight away.
But at least believe this:
I ended up eating most of his as well as mine.
Mr. Sawada's gonna take some convincing.
Shouko, you've got an interview today too, right?
Ah! We look so alike, huh?
Go ahead.
People don't just have one shade. We have all sorts of different colours.
Don't ever wish you were dead.
...to spend another year studying for them...
Oh yeah, you wanted to talk to me...
It's a unique school that values individuality...
If you enter the art department...
How about it?
Huh?
It's embarrassing...but I was so miserable in class...
He talked to me anyway.
...Saotome doesn't care, and talks to you anyway.
You always seemed to exist...
I used to get told to die or fuck off... People would write about me on the net...
You really are Makoto! You're just the same as always!
You're Makoto! Ahahahaha...
It'll be just like it used to be.
...would be able to return to being themselves.
What do you mean? I'm really proud of you!
Nobody said living was easy.
No!
You worked all night. Just relax.
Wow, scary.
and ended up having to search for another club.
As blunt as ever.
Darn. I sprinted up the stairs for just you two?
Though, the price is pretty fair.
What's your next article, Nagase?
But I think we need something like that every so often!
Of course. This is going in the editorial postscript.
Okay!
Wow! A tomahawk chop!
You keep saying creepy stuff like that! That's why!
Nagase-san, what are you doing?
Taichi!
Yaegashi-kun?
There's usually something else behind it.
I got this one.
I will. I mean, with Iori and Taichi like this...
Now that we know that the guys are both boob men,
I am.
What's wrong?
Is it really only a one-day thing?
Oh, I'm fine.
You're working late again today?
I'm...
Wh-What's up?
Don't tell me...
You don't need to stay with us until we're back to normal.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
Yeah. Is Kiriyama there?
Yeah.
Wait, that's not important right now!
Iori's a C-cup.
While we're at it, I'm a B, and Yui's an A.
I see. So Inaba's a B, and Kiriyama's an A.
Gossan?
who are you?
Then...
who are you?
Next, is this whole thing under your control?
And when I checked on him in the faculty room...
Huh? I haven't gotten anywhere.
Wait, no. If we overthink this, we might do exactly what he wants.
Okay. Aoki and I will make sure we do that.
Why are you so nice to Taichi?!
No need to make a big deal out of it.
but you're perfectly safe.
I won't do anything stupid like that.
It's okay!
I shouldn't have tried to touch you in the first place.
What?
Oh, Taichi!
Gossan probably just volunteered our class to get out of a meeting.
I...
Okay.
Keep your hands off her!
That's how you like it.
Back to Iori.
We won't get anything done if we keep talking.
Y-You know,
Y-You know,
If you do that, I'll die socially!
Where's Iori?
Yui, are you scared of us two or something?
I'm definitely stronger than both of you, you know?
So...
And Iori-chan's all about being touchy-feely.
What am I getting so serious about?Why so serious?
You said that I was amazing,
Taichi! You haven't won yet!
There's a special on wrestling tonight, so...
Kiriyama...
Sorry.
Yeah.
If I tell you,
What's wrong with that?
For me...
You just said so!
I'll show you that you can't lose to any man.
Don't worry. Just leave it to me.From preview
You can take down any guy in one
Maybe we can talk about them.
I just kind of listened to what she had to say.
Inaba, what's wrong?
Am I your enemy?
If you don't tell me,
Threatening me with your health isn't fair!
I just might faint out of shock.
But there are a few parts I can't tell you about.
Iori,
Too presumptuous.
Okay. I promise.
Then why bother trying?
I think this was back in first grade.
After he died, my mom cried and said, "I'm so sorry I never thought about what you wanted.
And we lived happily ever after.
Having spent most of my life pretending and living for someone else,
I can't do what I want
But
Because...
no matter what happens...
That's impossible.
Okay.
You'll treat me the same, no matter what I tell you.
That was our promise to each other as men!
Like I'd know.
Isn't saying it that way kind of unfair?
What are you worried about?
You...
Then let me be perfectly clear.
I always imagine that you might do things like that.
In my opinion, that's a good thing.
but you don't need to change yourself because of that.
That's what I think.
Just for the record, I don't do it every day!
W-Worrywart?
What about Taichi?
Is that all you care about?!
but I want to say it again.
"Stimulation"?
Inaba, what were you hoping to accomplish by showing us that?
Inaban, that was too fast.
This is between you and her.
She didn't need me.
I even promised you, but...
They're all you.
I couldn't even choose a club for myself!
No matter who I pretend to be, you'll always be you.
Wait... What are you...
I've already apologized.
Yes. Please.
Well, hello there.
Our lives are not your toys!
The doctors are doing everything they can too!
Shut the hell up.
I hate that!
but someone had to.
It can't be any other way.
Thanks.
You said that you love me, right?
But you're sadder than me.
Why does this have to happen to me?
could kiss?
Can I ask you one last question?
You won't do this to anyone else, right?
Oh, it's time.
but I hope you won't hate me.
It looks like it's all over now.
Okay! Got it!
Thanks.
Come on, Taichi! Inaba! Get to work!
Three weeks have passed since the whole personality switching thing ended.
You're already here?
Oh, I know what you're up to!
Inaba?
explaining yourselves right now?!
Why is it broken?
Sorry!
A-Actually, I suddenly wanted to hear from you, too.
You, too?
L-Let's leave it at this for today!
Fujishima?
I was just kidding.
I mean, you three look horrible.
I'll use every trick in the book to stop them.
Yui's afraid of men.
Both of you heard one, too?
I've told you several times.
Like I've said before, it'll end when you show me something rather interesting.
I see.
That's all I can say.
Yeah.
even if it meant hitting those boys.
Aoki wanted to stop them from taking Yui away,
Maybe I should knock you around until you forget!
Um...
It's nothing important.
I've never done it before, anyway.
No, not really.
but I'm sure it'll all work out if we put our heads together!
Yeah.
I don't think it's a good idea to move forward with our relationship in this kind of situation.she ditched him? what a slut!
We're probably really dangerous right now.
I get the feeling I might find out more about who I really am.
Yeah, see you.
I'll make it work out.
I made it clear that you and Fujishima are rivals.
Facing adversity to save someone fits you perfectly, doesn't it?
It's the art of enduring.
In pro wrestling, it's not about who can
I'm a big fan of jobbers, who let themselves get beat up.
Have you noticed yet?
She's the weakest link in StuCS.
Isn't that what you're looking for?
She needs someone to shield her from the pain and hurt.
Sounds like a job for the selfless freak, right?
Really?
I have a feeling that Iori's in the most danger.
This personality swapping business
But so far, we've only had to deal with a few minor hiccups.
Are you an idiot?!
Do you realize how hopeless our current situation is?!
Sorry...
Can you forgive me?
W-Well, let's get back to work.
Huh?
but deep down...
Okay, switch!
I'll delete the video.
...like you?
I kept telling you how I loved you,
Inaba-chan...
Inaba-chan is always mad
Well, you're pretty clueless, so you haven't realized
how incredible you are.
Really?
Hm, they're okay.
probably start tiptoeing around me,
I want to help.
I'll be asking for help.
One blow is all it takes to...
Shoot!
Geez! Hurry up!
I guess, well...
Yeah, it's not just me.
You even hurt yourself in the process.
Very well.
I apologize for the false accusation.
Inaba!
Twin Feelings
Still not feeling well?
Want to stay home again today?
Decided to be a little more fashionably late than usual today?
My favorite girl?
But the only CRC members in our class are you, Inaba, and Nagase.
Why are you late?
Shut it, siscon!www
It's normal for a brother to love his sister!
Couldn't have been anything other than an unleashed desire
What kind of person do they think I am?!
Man, you two have some pretty mild desires.
Aoki! Name five good things about Kiriyama Yui!
So if we get frustrated or angry, we can calm ourselves by just thinking of Yui.
Beating the crap out of those boys might be really traumatic for her.
Let go of me! Let go of me!
we might be able to change his impulse or end the whole episode.
It doesn't look like our desires get unleashed for very long.
What do you mean?
You...
might really die this time.
Just like with the personality switching,
we don't know if someone will break down over this.
You're all here?
Just leave it to us!
No! No! No! Don't look!
Been eating your heart out or something?
Who knows what I'll do if it happens again?
Don't shut yourself in and leave the rest of us for dead.
Do you?!
I didn't mean to go that far.
But that's what you really thought, right?
she ran out of patience.
I said something that I shouldn't have.
Kiriyama hasn't come back to school yet.
I never thought you were that kind of person.
I said to stop it, you two!
We're doing it my way this time.
I'm really sorry about what I said!
so I couldn't think of anything but that.
If you need help with anything, just ask me.
I want you back with us as soon as possible.
I understand what Yui's saying,
But Kiriyama looked so sad that she could die!
Can you really solve this with your selfless crap?
Aoki, calm down!
What? Who put you in charge?!
Caught a cold?
Even my sister's worried about me.
Each class will be going on different field trips this Friday.
And let's get Fujishima-san to join our group!
so you're helping me out this time.
That's how I like it!
We should be in the same group, Inaban.
Calm down!
If you don't, the whole class will feel uncomfortable.
Let's go with that group!
Two of them!
What are you doing here?
You can't convince me when you look that depressed.
Talk to your friends about it.
High school romance isn't my kind of thing.
Oh, I see!
If you're really friends, everything should work out just fine when you take a direct approach.
What do they say?
He's my rival.
things might work out better than you thought.
Conversely, there are probably a lot of things that won't go well if you don't decide.
We were only thinking about ourselves as the CRC,
Nagase!
I tried so hard to keep us together.
I thought so, too.
Well, I did give it a lot of thought.
That's the plan.
Yeah!
I was in denial and just couldn't admit it.
It was nothing more than luck.
It'd probably be a bad idea for all of us to go.
Think Inaba-chan let Iori-chan in?
Talking man-to-man in a place like this is like youth at full throttle!
That's like something our grandparents would say...
It's been... a while.
But if you keep shutting yourself in like this, it could go on forever.
You'll be able to hold back if you
And not to brag, but I've got a dirty mind.
Insanely dirty.
But I still want to be with everyone.
Don't you feel the same way?
But I'm still really scared,
"Please, protect me"?
That's mine!
I just took a bite!
I guess it's a good thing it happened now. It's just
I'm going to school every day.
If you're tired of it, you could just destroy it.
Because you might destroy that place if your feelings were found out.
How the hell could I?
And if you can use anyone's body, why didn't you use my family?
Inaba!
It feels like it's been a while since we talked like this.
Could you stop fooling around?
Well, we can't change the past.
I don't need memories of doing crap that I didn't need to.
I wonder how those three are doing.
More importantly, about that apron...
Man, long hair and an apron make an absolutely divine combination!
You're good at this, Nagase.
When I get in the zone, I'm freaking crazy! Need me to show you?
Why can't we eat now?
Who knows?
Wh-What is it, Iori?
Inaban!
Why?
Because...
Why wouldn't we be able to?!
Aoki loves Yui,
You think I'd know that?
You think I could?!
I don't want to ruin the CRC.
So I can't go back to the club room.
But you and Taichi make a good couple,
No matter how bad it got, she'd never give up.
the friendship between Nagase Iori and Inaba Himeko won't end over one lousy guy!
That's what I believe.
Don't come crying to me if you don't like it.
Don't underestimate me, either!
Sorry, but I don't plan on losing or giving him to you.
That's mean!
I wonder if that's the real me.
I wanted to tell you that this desire unleashing is about to end.
What's wrong?
Seriously, how does someone end up as laid-back as you?
Oh, I think Fujishima-san is giving them an earful for what they did.
But right now, I'm in love with Nagase....
Next title: We Were Told About It Before It Started
Dammit, where'd he go?
Where'd he go?
Why are you two paying a shrine visit together?
Oh?
It doesn't matter. Come on.
but nothing's changed between us since then.
What's wrong, Nagase?
One, two, three, open!
So, do you two know why you're here?
You think it's Balloon Vine again?
Then don't look!
No, I don't.
I told you, I don't have a girlfriend.
Are you Balloon Vine or not?
but not the Balloon Vine you know.
Your job is to make sure nothing bad happens.
How are you related to Balloon Vine?!
Sorry, we're in a hurry, so see you!
It's too much!
You two need to learn some self-control.
Yaegashi Taichi-san.
They stay on you, so...
Hurry!
Hey, whose is this? Can I drink it?
Wait, Yui, how do you know about her?
I thought you would say something like,
It's confusing the heck out of me.
Then when did I stop loving Nana?
What happened?
Want to wear my gloves, Iori-chan?
Well, I do... but how did you know?!
Everyone has something they don't want others to know.
Your clothes are falling off.
Breast feeding?!
Who are they?
Title
Is there anything you're trying to accomplish?
Wait, are you serious?
She said she got a fun new game
Don't let it get to you.
What's wrong, Yui?
But you won't hate Inaban for it, will you?
You sure you can make it home by yourself?
I quit karate. The end.
but Yui, would it hurt to hear her out?
missingHuh?
We need to do something.
But I don't think Yui should be here for this.
I can change, too, you know.
Back then, I decided...
What just happened?! Why does Aoki suddenly look kind of cool?
Even if it means quitting the CRC, I'm going to be me to the end.
Is this the right street?
Yes?
You came all the way here. Want to come in for a while?
All right! It's about time we left.
missingYeah.
So when I remembered how I felt in the past, I was really confused.
I see.
And now, I'm in love with Kiriyama Yui.
I used to hate losing.
My worth is something I have to earn.
See?
I haven't felt like this in forever.
You might think that phrase means "I'm the best in the world,"
It's between the two of them, now.
Don't worry.
What are you hiding from us?
Open the door! It's me!
The Second?
Taichi?!
So the times are random now, too?
I'll bear with it.
Did you just go back to normal?
When your time regresses, your memories from back then are really clear, right?
Yeah.
Sorry, Mom!
Wait. Mom, what's wrong?
Sounds like a model bad parent to me.
Just kick him out already.
My mom just said not to come home tonight.
Wait, don't
I have to go!
What should I do?
I gotta protect my mom.
Because I love Mom.
It was only for a minute.
Who do you see?
I've always thought
that I had to do it all by myself.
We're always right beside you.
Shouldn't we take the train or the bus?
Aoki!KIRA GOT HIM!
See what I mean?
Mom!
and let you relive everything from whenever you want.
If I did things differently,
I...
So I wouldn't do anything differently.
You can go now.
Were you?
Excuse me,
Open the hell up, woman!
I'll be fine.
Huh?!
I've put up with you for long enough!O.O
I thought, "Hey, you need to at least thank him for that much!"
Right?
And that's a fact.
I'm going to start going to a dojo again.
Oh, shoot! Can I get your phone number, Chinatsu?
And so, our winter break ended,
Of course, we don't know when or if Balloon Vine will come back to stir things up.
Wake up!
Onee, breakfast's ready.
I overslept again.
Who's that, Yoshifumi? A friend?
No one!
Don't read my texts!
You should lighten up.
How are you so full of energy every morning?
You're the only one here?
Right, right.
...now that we're here, it's kind of...
Actually, last night, we...
I'm telling you that Yui and I switched souls!
And in the mirror, I saw Yui's face and panicked.
I thought it was a bad dream and buried myself under the covers.
So you're saying that we had the same kind of dream
Are these...
A-Are these...
things that start with a 'b'?
U-Um...
See? TaichiI mean, Nagase says so too.
Either way, if you're taking Nagase-san, at least tell me why you're taking her.
I freaked out and ran to the classroom.
B-Because...
Inaba, you might not believe it, but please try.
I guess I have to accept it.
That doesn't matter.
I don't know.
How about some ice cream?
I'm...
I can't take this anymore!
If you can't say anything nice, just shut up.
Iori's trying to keep her sane.
Yaegashi.
I've been tainted!
Did you...
What's with you?
All very good questions.Color in this guy's speech should be avoided.
Well...
Hey!
Should we tell someone about this?
It's probably better if we don't.
we have to...
No! No! No! Zettai yada, yada, yada!
I won't do anything stupid like that.
Once it happens, it's too late!
Sorry.
How long is this going to go on for?
Wow. So this is how Aoki sees the world?
Or are you worried about something else?
This is why you would identify a combination of Aoki's body and Nagase Iori's soul as Nagase Iori.
Finally!
Oh, it's nothing.
Yaegashi-kun, can I ask you a question?
Or...
I set you up as an obstacle for Fujishima.
Now you just need to do one little thing, and you'll save Iori from the hands of Fujishima.
I asked how we got on this topic!
She's the weakest link in the CRC.
Someone who can tell her who she is no matter what.
But Iori's definitely the most vulnerable.
Well, we've only run into some minor trouble so far.
Don't worry.
Oh, over there!
that I love you, Aoki.
I've always...
I'm mad at you too.
She was really good at hiding it,
but it's still a big problem for her.
Don't kill yourself over it.
And I didn't even notice when I was in Kiriyama's body.
Potential for what?
What?!
Taichi! You haven't won yet!
Aoki called me right before we switched.
Over and over.
Kiriyama, are you scared of men?
If so, would you mind telling me?
I don't really want to tell you.
I'd be causing you trouble because I'm too weak.
You can take down any guy in one
No... I'm serious...
Come on, hurry up!I want to hold hands with Yui
Oh, right.
Is it the same for every man?
I might be wrong, after all.
If so, sorry for suspecting you.
Maybe we can talk about them.
I knew it! Something happened between you yesterday!
What did you do?!
Iori-chan, we need a battle plan!
I guess good things can come from this personality switching too.
All I could see was disaster...
I'm not gonna die from a little dizzy spell.
I've been feeling a little under the weather.
Don't say that, Inaba-chan.
If we don't walk you home,
Yup, since Yui and Aoki wanted to tag along.
but I never realized that she was actually scared of them.
Iori, you should have Taichi cure your trauma, too.
Taichi, I have faith in you.
Do you want to know more about me, Taichi?
that nothing will change, no matter what I say.
I knew you would say that.
Do you mean that your mother keeps getting
because I made sure of it.
my fifth dad told me this on his deathbed:
Those words left me stunned.
I never realized that Yui had androphobia.
Because no matter what happens,
How can you be so sure?
and nothing would change!
You promised me, man to man!
Taichi! Are you okay, Taichi?
Student Cultural Society
I'm not going to leave you all alone while you're sick.
Keep it down.
That was kind of a mean way to put it.
Why do you guys have to be so nice?
I'm not okay!
I didn't mean that. Forget what I said.
Well, it may be unfair to say you'd commit a crime.
I'm the only one who's worrying about this stuff.
That means everyone is an enemy.
since unless I'm mistaken,
The only consequences I can imagine are all negative.
So I'm going to tell you
If my secret gets out,
Inaba, y-you're too loud!
I've masturbated to you before!
Yeah.
Huh?
That's more or less it.
...you worry too much?
It's a lot more than
thinking that we would commit crimes.
Then we're in the same boat.
You have to take care of your own body.
Kiriyama would kill me tomorrow if I let you go alone.
What do you mean, "speaking of which"?
I just might faint out of shock.
Okay, okay.
Nagase, help me out here.
Inaban, not in front of him.
The problem with selfless freaks is that everyone starts falling for them.
I'll... keep that in mind.
Inaban's being presumptuous.
Okay. I promise.
But it's times like these when I can't think of a joke!
Then why bother trying?
Or rather, I never let it get that serious.
But
And when we switch bodies, it's like I lose whatever little remains.
Like I'd know.
But the person you should really be worrying about is...
Iori, go back to class.
What about you two?
Inaba!
If only you were darker on the inside...
"Darker"?
What does
When we switch bodies, whatever someone does, crime or otherwise,
You think we'd do something like that?
And more than anything else,
I hate myself for being able to imagine things like that.
Inaba, we wouldn't hate you just because
Taichi,
So basically, I'm stupid for even worrying about this?
That's what I think.
No matter what I do, I can't see it ending well.
By "masturbate," do you mean that...
you're a worrywart?
I won't do anything bad in your body.
I'm in love with you. That hasn't changed.
Will you go out with me?
No! I can't!
And I did fall in love with you.Correct this in previous preview.
No way!
It's not that I don't like you.
Let's go back and have lunch.
Yeah.
Well...
Fujishima!
Have you seen Nagase?
Get out of the way, Fuji
This was definitely all my fault, anyway.
A person like that can't exist.
No one has that many faces!
Isn't that all it boils down to?
Hello. Long time no see.
Where's Gossan?
He'll be here soon.
then I'll do it.
Yeah, I hate seeing people getting hurt!
But you should know how much it hurts us then.
I think that Iori-chan has to die with her body.
Um...
Iori,
It can't be any other way.
You think that m
This is something I have to ask.
Of course.
That's how the story goes.
but I hope you won't hate me.
Thanks.
Come on, Taichi! Inaba! Get to work!
Oh, right.
and she acknowledged them.
Think Yui and Aoki'll be long?
Inaba?
Hey, every
Hey, Yui, you're bleeding!
Let me see.
What's going on?
What about you?
Sorry to bother you like this. Bye!Dat "Bye!" hnnng
I don't know the details, but it's being discussed in the faculty room.
You called?
I'm sure Nagase-san will enjoy it, too.
They decided to ask their questions at the station.
I've told you several times.
Is being a shut-in against the rules?
You'll make it interesting?
and I... well...
Back to the issue at hand!
You already came up with a plan!
Don't underestimate me. You'll be in for a surprise.
The way they are?
I'll make it work out.
But the only CRC members in our class are you, Inaba, and Nagase.
Great. There goes my lunch break.
W-Wait!
Not so loud, retard!
Couldn't you tell me that without hurting me?
What?
They didn't call an ambulance?
Your desires were unleashed while you were asleep,
You didn't need to say "cute" twice.
Don't let yourself get too worked up.
If we don't think of anything crazy,
Crap! His desire got unleashed!
I have to save Kiriyama!
Hey, did it end?
What do you mean?
I went to Class 1-1, and they told me Yui's absent again.
What?
We're here to visit you. Mind if we come in?
Oh my.
Tell them to go home.
Tell me if you need anything.
Stop! Stop! Stop!Dat wild hair
No! No! No! Don't look!
I suddenly had a craving to eat a lot of sweet stuff yesterday.
That's just scary.
Your desires were unleashed when you were hungry.
You aren't staying home from school because of that zit, are you?
Don't be silly.
Balloon Vine is to blame for that.
But I really thought about beating them to a pulp.
But no one will get hurt as long as I don't see them.
"Nothing will happen if no one's around."
I'm sorry, too.
Man, Fujishima-san's so cool!They cut out so much of the Fujishima and Watase side stories...Fujishima seems like a real bro
But Kiriyama's suffering.
There are times when my hands are full.
I never thought you were that kind of person.
Sorry I'm that kind of person.
I think Inaban feels worse about what she said to Yui rather than what Taichi said to her.
But if this continues...
Title: And Then There Were None
Didn't we say the same things yesterday?
overlapI want to save her, but I don't know what to do!
Do you have to play hero all the time?
You're just a selfish freak that can't stand seeing Yui sad!
I said to stop it, you two!
See what I mean?!
I said too much. Sorry.
It's better if you don't come near me right now.He might act on his desires.hehehe
Good night.
Aren't you?
I'm going straight home today, too.
With fewer members per group, helping each other becomes a necessity.
Our hearts, connecting!Dis show is DEEP
Six groups, please!
For now, form groups with two to three boys or girls in each.
I have my reasons.
We should be in the same group, Inaban.
overlapKeep it down, stupid!
Did you just call me stupid? You did, didn't you?
No objections!
I'll be in the club room.
Oh, Fujishima! Back from that thing about the field trip?
What?
Huh?!
Yaegashi-kun is no friend of mine.
Which is more important?
Why not think about that?
If it's related to our class in any way, I'll lend a hand.
Me?
I'm... Well, let's see...
Everyone is worried about us.
You didn't need to run all the way to school, you know.
I'm going to talk to Inaban first.
Listen, Aoki.
But I was wrong.
I knew you'd beat me to it!
And when all is said and done, I saved them for my own selfish reasons.
Taichi,
But we don't know when this whole thing will end.
Let's go to school. You'll be fine.
I don't know when or if I'll hit someone.
Don't lie to me!
I know you won't!
Even if your desires get unleashed,
Wh-What is wrong with you?!
Well, you kind of do, but...
So, Yui...
But you know exactly what it means now.
Don't you feel the same way?
Quit it, Iori.
I'm so glad!
Worried sick!
Not trusting anyone.
Just tell me what you're here for already.
I thought you'd only interfere if we shut ourselves in.
Yes.
Ah.
Looks like you know exactly what I'm talking about.
You can't go back now.
Oh?
How'd you like a fist to the face?
Don't make me sound like a bad guy!Don't make me sound like a rapist!
Well, we can't change the past.
I got the worst luck in this morning's horoscope on TV.
Shut up.
Man, long hair and an apron make an absolutely divine combination!
Were you born this way or what?
Let's see who can cut these things faster!
Um...
What if it gets infected?
Why did you want to get me and Taichi together?
Iori, did your
Because if I didn't, we couldn't stay together!
Our friendship wouldn't even stand a chance.
I didn't know what else to do!
You think I could?!
If you think...
Please! Let me be your friend!
Because everything would be way too awkward.
I'm not lying.
There won't even be a hair on his head left for you.
You were really emotional just now.
Don't give me that bullshit.
I thought it might be interesting I mean, best if I told you.
Fell?
Wasn't Nagase-san with you?
I'm really sorry!
There's no point in worrying about that.
I know that.
It's going to be a fair race to the finish.
What do you mean?
Shoot!
Inaba? Did you find him?
He go!
They're relatives, you know? Uh...
It doesn't matter. Come on.
overlapI'll get you one later!
Flop! Flop! Flop!
Y-Yeah...
I don't know.
What the hell?!Holy electric cow batman!
Okay, next question.
And I get a compliment, Inaba-san?
No, I don't.
and stuff at home.
I told you, I don't have a girlfriend.
Bye, Inaban. See you tomorrow.
But what about our promise?
A friend from back when I practiced karate.
Now that he's got Inaba? What?
N-Nothing, Kiriyama!
Orange.Because they spelled it that way?
Um... I'm Kiriyama Yui...
Dang!
What were you talking about?!
But it was me inside there, so that was my first kiss!
What's a kiss?
Got it!
You too, Yoshifumi-kun!
Balloon Vine'll probably show himself and explain all this soon enough, but it's taking him way too long.
Something like that.
Do you think she'd look like me if she were in high school?
I love Yui.
But back then, I was in love with Nana.
missingDon't worry about me, Taichi-san.
You're right.
And I still am.
Hey, quit shaking.
I forgot to be laid-back!
And Mihashi-san?
What do you mean?
What do you do there?
What's the point of that?
Mihashi-san, have you ever won against me?
So it's these two today?
No!
I'm going out for some air.
And...Just curious if this is needed. Can't tell what it's part of around 7:40chanto
Sorry to make you all worry about me.
But our promise...
I don't know what's going on,
I love you, Taichi.
I've never been in that position.
My life is so pointless and empty.
But I can't help it.
Thanks for coming out here for me.
Was this Nagase's idea?
Back then, I decided...
Aoki, why do you want to see Nishino-san?
Even if it means quitting the CRC, I'm going to be me to the end.
It made me think, you never know when someone's going to die.
That's your philosophy?
Do you know the address?
Yoshifumi, why are you...
Sorry, I just had to see you.
I loved you so much.
I came all this way just to tell you that.
Because I love you, Yui.
I'm afraid of men!
I won't ever lose.
What's this feeling?
The one and only, who no one will mistake for someone else!
Because everything's sorted out in his head?
If school starts while this is happening...
There's no way to...
You're...
It's past five.
It's my fault, not yours.
Now we can't even go outside, let alone go home.
Maybe we should tell our families or Gossan about
Title: As Long As We're Together
It's 11, and she still isn't back to normal.
Yes.
You seemed very mature.
So that's how you saw me.
Your second father?WHAT IF THE SECOND IS ACTUALLY IORI'S SECOND DAD?!
We've never heard about this.
Sounds like a model bad parent to me.
Just kick him out already.
What should I do?!
I gotta protect my mom.
Why do you have to protect her?
I know I'm being stupid, but I have to go.
Take a look around you.
Aoki!KIRA GOT HIM!
See what I mean?
I'll stay with him.
This is my home.
Open the door! It's me!
No, I'm not.
But there's something I need to do first.
So you and The Second were acting separately?
What about my mom?
Oh, I have a suggestion for you, Nagase-san.
I don't have time for you right now.
You know you can't do anything about it now, don't you, Nagase-san?
I'm talking about your current situation.
Okay.
No, I wasn't.
But that was for you!
Open up, dammit!
This is for me to handle.
But Mom...
I can't
Suddenly challenging you to a fight was going way too far.
So I've still never lost to you.
But as long as we're together, we can get through it.
Taichi is a great guy.
Not yet...
Yeah...
Why did you want us to watch them?
You can't seriously be so dense,
Forget it.
How do you feel about Iori?
You're too early, Inaban.
Huh?
Nagase was pretending to have switched with you.
She wanted to trust me.
Fujishima!
couple is defined as a man and a woman?
I'm guessing that you're the one she needs.
If you're the one Nagase-san needs right now,
I won't stand in your way.
Nagase!
I don't know how to show joy, anger, or sorrow.
But is that really the case?
There's no such person!
I don't do it often.
You do it a lot.
But I behave differently around different people!
Nagase...
It's been a while.
I already apologized.
He's almost here.
Bastard...
Of course not.
But the fact remains that I'm capable of many things.
Why should we believe you?
Listen carefully.
For the next thirty minutes,
Taichi!
But we don't know that Iori's going to die.
You're just a selfish freak!
Something's very wrong,
I have to die.
Um...
Anyway, Taichi, thanks.
Everyone else looked so sad.
I'm sad.
I don't want to die.
Who will it be?
Well, that would be the logical conclusion.
You got us good.
That's one way to look at it,
Don't worry about that.
Come on! Taichi, Inaba, get to work!
Three weeks have passed since that body
and she said that she felt the same way.
Wow.
Wait... What are you doing?
H-Hey!
Hold on!
Get off! Get off!
what the hell is going on?!
Why?
Wait, Yui. You're bleeding.
Hello? Is this Nagase?
You wanted to talk to me too, right?
Yeah...
W-We never had a chance to clear things up.
Well, maybe it's better to leave it at that.
You're so cute, big brother.
U-Uh...
What?!
Wait, if you know something, tell us.
If you let me rent Nagase-san for two hours,
I hear that he put up a good fight.
so she should get off with a warning.
This connection will come in handy.
Kiriyama beat up boys from another school, right?
but not to the point where she could
You also acted strangely this morning.
Yeah.
Or maybe it hasn't been that long.
And then your body automatically does what your mind wants.
Oh, I haven't apologized to Nagase-san yet.
As I mentioned before,
Stop talking!
See? Look what happened!
It's no big deal.
We can continue this discussion then.
Yup, I just know it.
It's all you, Taichi.
You have to be there for Iori.
It's okay.
Is everyone else doing okay?
Sorry, I wasn't thinking clearly.
That's the real you talking.
Everything will be okay.
I'll find a way.
I'm disappointed, Inaba.
Yeah, something came up.
Yeah, that was brilliant.
The girl in your club.
Well, you know where to find me if you need relationship advice.
There won't be any pain if you don't do anything stupid.
What?
Well, I was asleep, so I don't remember any of it.
You're right.
Are you bullying me?
Yeah, that works in your case.
Wait! Wait!
Get a hold of yourself, Taichi!
that can't be done right away.
are driven by your current circumstances, right?
Just like last time,
Kiriyama-san, let's play!
Along with Inaba-chan and Taichi!
Everybody's here?
But you can't come in. Leave.
What are you, exactly?
Wait! Wait! Wait!
But...
When I saw those girls surrounded by a bunch of guys,
Then I went berserk.
And he'll take steps to be entertained if necessary.
All five of us may be put in danger!
Well, I didn't mean to yell at
Sorry, Setouchi-san.
Isn't that right, Nagase-san?
Huh?
Fujishima-san is so awesome.
Why are you leaving?
who doesn't want to see Yui look sad!
It's getting lonely.
Well, you couldn't help it.
I know how hard it is for you, and yet...
I need some time.
what Taichi said to her.
after we've managed to get inside her room?
But what if one of us
But Kiriyama looks so sad.
You need to think ahead!
What was that?
You guys just don't want to see Yui looking sad!
But...
It's nothing.
No problem at all.
Are you coming to the clubroom?
Sounds like it.
It's nothing like that.
But luckily, we have Queen Fujishima.
And we'll be sharing the facilities with the other classes.
A natural opportunity to cooperate, for hearts to bond, for skin to touch!
Let's try this again.
If all parties are in agreement, feel free to
Er, uh...
Get away from me.
Nagase!
I want you and Nagase-san to get along.
Otherwise, you'll ruin the experience for the entire class.
Me?!
Then me, Nagase-san, Inaba-san, you,
I think that's a great group!
lectern rattles too much,
Well, I didn't have anything else to do.
But my friends may get hurt in the process.
I get it now.
You can't become true friends
until you've experienced enough conflict.
losing the things that truly matter.
So can you hear him out?
It sounds like he's got issues.
And by the way,
It's me.
I've got you covered.
Nah, you should probably get going.
If you don't mind, can I stay by your side?
if we all hurt each other?
But I never thought I'd hear you say
just told me and bring back the whole club?
Uh, well...
Okay, let's give it our best shot!
You beat me to the punch!
Do you think Iori-chan got through to Inaba-chan this time?
Taichi...
Kiriyama has to let us help her.
If we're really careful and try our best...
I took your advice.
presented us with new opportunities.
Come in.
this whole mess might never get fixed.
I can't say I'm proud of it,
Sicko!
Okay?
Because nothing will happen.
Come on, Taichi.
the other day when I had an episode.
But I still want to be with you guys.
You should believe in yourself more.
But I'm still worried.
If it looks like I'm losing control,
That's not the way to say it.
W-Wait, Iori.
Yui?
That's great.
We spent every day agonizing over
You look fine.
Aoki?
No way! Don't take mine!
Well, if it's just their hunger that's being released,
Inaba-san, you're essentially hiding in your room now.
That's not true. I'm going to school.
Can you get to the point?!
that atmosphere you share with your friends?
Who are you?
about the most?
Because you'll destroy your little group
Oh?
That's the only way the five of us can stay together!
Help me out here!
I can't believe we have to use a dump like this.
Sorry, it's my fault for losing at rock-paper-scissors.
You look happy.
I don't need any negative memories.
What? You don't have to be so upset about it.
Anyway...
You're so laid back that I'm actually impressed.
I was right to assign all of you to the same group.
Delicious!
Hunger is the best spice, second only to love!
Anyway, Nagase-san...
How did you not notice?
Huh?
Why were you trying to get us together?
Well, when you have a group of boys and girls,
I never realized that Inaba Himeko was such an idiot!
I was always alone.
I didn't want to lose those friends!
Don't talk about yourself like that!
I really like you a lot, Inaban. A lot.
But it's too late now.
Remember what you just said?
But wouldn't it also work out if you and
The Inaba Himeko I know would fight for both!
Using people to her advantage!
Besides, the friendship between Nagase Iori
I'm no pushover.
Was that really me?
or better, to let you know
Huh?
Well, at least we get to laugh it off.
Actually, we're not sure either.
Yeah, it might be something else next time.
I truly feel honored, from the bottom of my heart.
Since you and Iori aren't going out yet,
We're going to have a fair fight,
It almost sounds like the two of you are fighting over me...
I'm heading out.
Did you miss the ball because you were cooking?
Jun...
Why not?
Uh, right.
Hey...
If you've had a fight with Mommy, I'll help you make up!
Please come and rescue me right this minute.
But what should I do? I can't seal--
Hey, kid! Kid!
And what happens if you do that?
Of course, I whacked his ass with my bat!
Taku. Morning!
- You went too far, Shimaccho! - Poor kid!
Hey! I can't you hear you, slacker!
But being on the committee with Natsuki might bring you two closer.
Oh, the baseball team?
- Sorry! - We'll be right there!
I heard he should be here.
It works, huh?
Good for her!
I'm home.
No, just by name.
- This is it. - Oh, yes.
All right, I'll be leaving now.
The word "musical" isn't in the Aizawa dictionary.
The elderly have pretty modern taste, you know!
You know as well as I do!
A musical?
Naruse? Are you all right?
Right!
Okay.
What's this?
"I saw my father commit adultery at the castle on top of the mountain..."
Recitation.
A play in English.
These are the choices we've come up with.
I dont care what we do, as long as it's easy.
But it's the truth.
Hey, Sakagami!
After hearing Naruse, it clicked, right?
Right. That musical-ish DTM could work, too.
I have something to take care of.
I dont even know his email address.
The bus.
Right, duly paid!
A child who doesn't speak. There are rumors all over the place. Really, now...
If she sings, huh?
Excuse me!
Hey...
Hey! The light bulb! In the bathroom!
Hold up a sec!
Killing time at the station again today?
DTM Research Club
A pain in the ass.
Is that a confession of love?
T-Tasaki...
When the new team hasn't even gelled yet,
You can't ever take them back!
Sorry, it's an emergency!
Say something, will you?
when you were going through the hardest time of your life,
Clashing with others was a pain, so I was like, whatever.
I missed out on my chance to apologize.
Right.
But the truth is, I was shoving it all on you, Yamaji, and the other guys as much as I could.
But Naruse proved that we could, didn't she?
Why musical anyway? It's the most complex option.
So why not?
The costumes, too?
Isn't Naruse going to play the heroine?
All right, then it's settled.
You dont?
After the girl dies, everyone realizes the truth, right?
At least youre a human!
What's wrong with that? I bet you'll look cute!
Naruse, you just need to write the lyrics for the ending, right?
The wind feels cold now.
Yeah, it might be torture for us to go on eating up here.
Coming! Oh, my, welcome!
Come on in!
Aizawa and Iwaki should be here any minute.
Everybody must be there already by now.
I think it matches the melancholy of the ending.
See you around, Taku!
Take care, all right?
Still, that was pretty awesome, huh?
I see. I did like the lyrics we've got now, you know.
No, that's not it.
Sorry about this, Naruse.
It actually fits pretty well, I guess.
There's no way that it was your fault!
Sakagami, youre amazing. Youre amazing.
The Shin of Youth GirlJun Naruse EggDaiki Tasaki PrinceTakumi Sakagami
I know, right?
Youre here early.
We're done with rehearsals for all parts!
I brought in the troops for the heavy lifting!
Like how?
It's not like I'm in love with Naruse!
That's why...
Nito, I- -
But...
It's not your stomach, I see.
It's the pain of youth.
Aha, here it comes.
The about-to-be-hatched yolk...
Then that sound we heard...
Naruse heard what we were saying.
What, you mean...
Isn't that kind of outrageous?
What are you gonna do?
Well, sure. We know how hard Naruse was working, too.
- He can't delay our start time any longer.
Naruse? You- -
Yes, there is!
What am I supposed to blame it all on?
I really dont know what to do!
And I started to realize that maybe there were many things
They're waiting!
The girl begins spouting every abusive word she can think of.
- Let's stay and watch a little longer. - Hurting others. Earning their dislike.
Naruse, youre on again right after this.
I'm starting practice again after the weekend, you know?
Takashi Naito Shunsuke Kazama Nao Omori Teruyuki Kagawa
The natto is sticky as can be
Another beautiful breakfast together
But be sure to taste every bite
And tonight too.
My socks keep shrinking.
Thanks.
I'm starving.
Bye.
There she is.
It makes me so sad, watching you raise those flags every day.
Thank you, Tomoko.
That was quite a stunt.
Come on...
Hi, we're looking for the Archaeology Club.
Now don't be shy. Shall we discuss existentialism?
Or perhaps you prefer Nietzsche?
This is a high school student from Japan.
Your hand...
But not guaranteed. Bring your own luck to the test.
Sure.
You didn't ask Tomoko to get some?
Start the rice in 10 minutes, okay?
Hop on. Bottom of the hill, right?
How was your meeting?
Thanks.
Guess you can't see the tug from there.
There's a debate after school. Why don't you come?
I believe we must accept the board's plan!
Want to demolish something? Demolish your own heads.
Make it like new again. Invite the girls to come see it.
Umi, why don't we invite some Konan graduates...
Hey.
My great-grandfather loved cats.
Grandma and Grandpa were totally against it.
So I raised them every day.
So Grandpa built me that flagpole.
Now it's my mom's study.
You'll worry your mother.
Yuichiro Sawamura...
Remember, men. The heavy lifting is up to you.
- No exceptions, that's the rule. - Okay, ready.
Heads up, Matsuzaki.
It's so filthy.
See you tomorrow.
Sawamura was a good sailor.
THE LATIN QUARTER REBORN!
Good luck with Shun.
Hi. You're working hard.
Umi, the bath's ready.
Not tonight.
Mom? When did you come back?
WHAT?
MAJORITY OF GIRLS OPPOSE DEMOLITION!
Let's give it our best shot.
Have a seat.
A supply ship?
I have to swing by my uncle's place. See you tomorrow.
I can't afford much tuition. I'll apply to a national university.
I haven't decided.
I'd like to be a doctor, though.
Even if we're related, even if you're my brother...
my feelings will never change.
I'm back.
I was busy learning every day.
I'm wide awake.
I showed him Dad's picture. He had the same photo.
Thank you, sir.
Shun Kazama?
Umi, you did it.
We all did it.
Umi, we owe this to you.
We'd better run.
Just don't die before me, okay?
If I walk down that gentle slope
Good mor
Yay!
CLASS ROSTER
Make sure you write your name on them.
On your gym shoes too, before you forget.
Why can't I talk in front of people anymore?
Uh,
What were you trying to say just now?
I just kind of guessed by your reactions.
Ah! Huh?
WAIT.
BUT WHEN I APPROACH PEOPLE, THEY GET NERVOUS.
IT WAS SO HARD, ESPECIALLY DURING LUNCH.
I HATED EATING ALONE.
WHAT IF THEY SAY I'M BORING?
FUN THINGS. HAPPY THINGS.
I'M SORRY.
YES.
PLEASE DON'T LAUGH.
I'LL BE YOUR FIRST FRIEND, AND I'LL HELP YOU FIND THE OTHER 99.
Komi!
Um.
-Let's go together! -Yeah!
What are you talking about, Tadano?
Najimi, did you see that TV show?
Okay!
I know!
That's all.
Stop calling me Osana.
We're old friends, right?
Stop that!
RUMBLE
Listen.
Please go out with me!
HEH HEH HEH
SHOULD I HELP?
What is it?
Eek!
You made your second friend.
Oh, it's you, Tadano.
INFORMATION OVERLOAD
You know
Mommy, a stalker!
Yes, a stalker.
LOITER
Oh.
GESTURE
Huh?
STILL BOWING
HUH?
I'm Komi's!
We voted and amazingly, it was a tie.
but some don't want to be in the spotlight.
Bowling, billiards, darts.
Anything to do with competition.
Makeru has a fan club?
KOMI! KOMI!
I CHOSE THE MAID CAFE.
Alright, I'll go buy them.
Don't you think a couple more people should go along?
Alright.
Is this the kind of panel they need?
It's your first time at a
Hm. Good question.
Hm?
GONE
We have to ask her to help out more!
The shopping team is back!
Shoko!
It's good!
Oh, uh, thank you.
C'mon Komi, the farewell greeting is,
No.
Woo-woo!
MAIDS CHANGING
Uh, yes.
Yeah! Do you want to go again?
Get your discount tickets!
Woo-hoo!
-Osana. -Yes.
This worries me.
WELCOME TO ITAN FESTIVAL
Um, are you alright?
The next confessor is
Oh Komi, shy as always!
-She's not coming. -Huh? Not coming?
M-Meow
ABOUT TO FAINT FROM NERVES
Don't push Komi too hard.
Oh! Najimi.
So beautiful!
W-What was that?
Yeah.
Now what you've been waiting for!
Is everyone here?
Komi, is this your first time at karaoke?
-Cola. -Me too.
What's this? I'll call the company!
CHIARAI, SONODA, SHINOBINO, ONEMINE, OTORI
Subtitle translation by: Claire Tanaka
Hey-ho, Komi!
NUMBER 4 OCTOBER TO NOVEMBER
The rules are simple!
KOMI'S BOOK OF FRIENDS
HIGH FIVE
KAEDE OTORI
KISHI, CHIARAI, SONODA, SHINOBINO, ONEMINE, OTORI
SWARM
He sat down!
You need a big mirror.
How basic.
According to our star charts, I'm a better match for Komi!
Oh, nothing.
We have video games!
-Games! -Me too!
If you drop anything I'll get it, so let me know.
Now, start!
Could you get it for me?
Sure.
Hm? Is this yours, Komi?
-Here. -Oh, thank you.
BONUS SCENE
No.
talk a little more?
Isn't there some way I could see Komi's panties?
DING!
Let's discuss it in detail.
We rode so many attractions!
Let's take a break.
Gotcha!
Don't let your guard down so much!
I-I'm sorry!
You've got poor taste. That's why this happened.
I said I was sorry.
For our anniversary.
You like it?
That scared me!
Sure!
We did come together, so I knew that.
Hm? Who's this?
Wow, it's my first time here.
They really let the cats roam free.
That one's sleeping.
Wow, they're all so tame.
There's a scary human here.
What do you mean, aura?
It's, uh.
Let's go again!
Go try it!
BONUS SCENE
Who can answer this question?
Heh heh.
Um, you're trying to trick me by assuming I can read minds
and thinking, "You're reading my mind," right?
I see.
Tada you
You can call me whatever you like.
Let me think.
Even I don't know exactly
Unlike?
Wow, it's huge!
The War of the Women is breaking out again.
Hey!
I'm the one who knows Komi best.
K-Komi!
What's wrong?
OF ALL THE GIRLS, WHO WOULD YOU DATE? KOMI VERSION
I see.
Who goes there?!
Sorry, I'm gonna go today.
Let's eat!
BUT HE CAN'T BREAK AWAY.
-KOMI VISION -You ate my lunch.
You don't have to force it.
Would you like to eat with us as well?
Why did I dress up like a girl?
You bought some roasted sweet potatoes?
Thanks for this.
His peaceful high school life was coming an end.
Oh, you dropped your era-
Komi-san... by chance...
You really have trouble speaking...
What did you want to say earlier?
Quick, a topic of discussion!
I wasn't able to eat during lunch
What is she trying to say...
But she isn't someone that is inaccessible
My goal...
A communication disorder is a disorder that makes socialization difficult
That it's not good
Her pure white skin
Goo...
Good mor...
Because...
Yes! Like this!
Standbakes' new frappe is super cute! It was sooo delicious
Uh, excuse me...
Huh? What are you on about?
For what reason are you using the name of such a noble woman?
I...
Then, see you soon!
See you
Eeh? You were there, Komi-san?
Good grief, it's just the usual Tadano-kun...
Heehee!
Osana-san, could it be that all these people...
Uh...
I...
Iwowowowowowo...
Ah! You're able to say more than before!
it's her saying I would like to be friends with you!
For you this is easy, right?
I can't... I think...
Such a human exists?!
You going home?
Let's go play!
Ko... Komi-san.
That's the entire story.
After all, you're pretty cool, Tadano-kun...
Call me Najimi, just like back then.
Najimiiii!
So, then?
Impossible. I'm a boy.
Komi-san, I'll be friends with you.
Hey, hey, Komi-san!
I'm eating together with my friend,
and... what about you?
Ah, Komi-san!
and extra extra whipped cream from Standbakes?
As you can see, I'm very busy.
Coming right up!
She will get no less than 10,000 retweets!
Thank you very much!
Wow!
just because they have difficulty communicating,
So what did you need?
I'm 
Hmm?
What's up?
What are you talking about, Tadano-kun?
Oh, "Drain all the water from the river?"
I'm sorry, how about tomorrow?
Na... Najimi, here's the novel I borrowed.
This communicative competence!
He said that heshe was often transferred due to hisher parents' circumstances.
Able to make friends with anyone in a couple of minutes.
It's like a super power.
"Please be my friend"
Ah, I see...
Komi-san!
Let's go play.
Hey, hey, Komi-san...
Komi-san was the only one who I couldn't become friends with.
But Osana-san, that's a misunderstanding.
Why don't you walk home together today with Komi-san?
However
Fine
Stop that story, for the love of god!
B-By the way, you are really popular Komi-san.
Sorry I said it was impossible to be your friend.
you moved away.
That surprised me, but it's just more of Najimi's childhood friends...
What's wrong?
I noticed after you were gone.
Ah...
What is she going to do?
That means!
Yeah yeah yeah!
Yo, Komi-san
You know you can eat with us, right?
By the way, why did you want to be friends with me, Komi-san?
Hand cream released yesterday
Mine's from a convenience store...
You have to follow Komi-san.
Mama, it's a stalker
Only 1 in 12 get it 
If I win 3 or more of these 4
Komi is top of the class,
My eyesight isn't the greatest,
Shouko Komi Sight: 1.5
She must really want to beat me
That's her weight and sitting height!
There is surely a country where women with short legs are more popular!
I'm so ordinary,
Komi-san walking
This isn't good. Komi-san was so beautiful that I started tripping out.
Excuse me... Excuse me!
It was really pink
Oh no
What's this!
But no! Komi-sama is sacred!
Act normal
It's nothing, I'm just happy
Huh? Is Tadano-kun not here today?
I don't know what Komi-san is thinking without Tadano-kun!
Someone...!
Oh, of course Komi-san will go too, right?
What should I do...
Welcome
If you don't want to end up in the mountains, don't make another sound
Then I'll make tea, so wait here
Ah... yeah
and to be friends with Komi-san
Wha... What should I do?...
Like a catch phrase!
Just... forget it!
I... I also...
If Komi-san won't speak with me...
There's no point in living!
Don't do it Yamai-chan!
Komi-san is feeling conflicted
Yamai-san is twisted
LUNCH BREAK
Oh! Good answer.
I wanted to say I can't be friends with just anyone.
Komi must have preferences too, right?
What are you on about, Najimi?
SHE WROTE IT ALL DOWN.
But
So I wanted to say thank you!
BEGINNING TO GET BOTHERED
Oh! Morning Komi!
Phone.
Why are they talking about me?
-Want me to lick your shoes? -Ew.
You got Najimi's number anyway.
Okay, nominations?
SHIVER
We have our god, so it doesn't matter.
TRILL
BEEP
Um Do you want to try it?
TEAM NO PEOPLE SKILLS
Oops.
Twinkle, nine.
Looks like she got the hang of it.
a game of speed with yelling and arm raising.
Let's begin.
Augh!
Ow, ouchie
-POINT -STARTLE!
Good morning!
Oh my.
I've been wanting to ask you, what's your relationship with Komi?
I mean it wasn't nothing. I'm just happy.
I see.
If you scream I'll bury
You're pretty, shapely, and classy and have a good personality,
You'd be happier with more popular friends.
I'm the ideal friend for you, Komi.
SO I
with
Huh? Uh. Um
want to be friends with--
Yamai wants to apologize.
About yesterday
ALRIGHT.
A life where Komi won't speak to me
YAMAI'S REACTION
But thanks to that, Komi and I are now serious rivals, right?
Isn't that kind of ambitious Naji--
Can I use the restroom?
Can we see?
Komi in a bathing suit!
THUD
Yeah! That was great!
Is that you, Princess Komilia?
Princess Komilia, did you forget me?
Real name?
We have died and been reborn many times since then, across nations.
My evil eye is out of control!
Huh? Tadano?
-Let's do it! -Uh
You startled me!
You'll stretch with me?
Waah. Why didn't she choose me?
Okay!
Um, jokes like that work better in the right situation.
-For me. -Oh, right.
Do you want to go shopping today?
What a coincidence!
What sort of clothes do you like?
Uh This is just, um
I don't know anything about women's fashion.
Huh? You want to do it again?
SO NOBODY TALKS TO HER
Huh? 12? Since you were 12?
I thought that customer hated me.
THE NEXT DAY
I want to die.
I want to die.
Why? Did you just say "Why"?
I haven't been in a library for 15 years.
REACH
A-Alright.
Ah, to tell you the truth, me too.
HOW TO INVITE A FRIEND OUT
What are you saying?
GIRLS' LOCKER ROOM
It took me a while to get into my suit.
WANTS TO GO AGAIN.
Y-Yes!
Huh? You mean I haven't always been reading it?
I'm going to file down that bad poolside.
Oh, sorry I startled you.
but your friends are all good people, Komi.
BUT I RUINED EVERYONE'S GOOD TIME
If you look sad, nobody will be able to have a good time.
Enough with the teenage drama!
Whew.
Honey.
What a beautiful girl!
-IT'S HERE! -COULDN'T ASK
BRAIN FREEZE
-BEAUTIFUL -PRECIOUS
Oh.
Oh, you stopped crying.
PHEW
THIS IS FUN!
Oh, anyone want a salt candy?
Oh yes, Shoko.
DIDN'T MEAN TO STARTLE HER, AND STARTLED HERSELF MORE.
H-Hey, Shoko Stop that!
TICKLE TICKLE
TWITCH
Shoko, you're in high school now.
Thanks for waiting, Tadano and Komi!
-Ta -Hm?
Look! Look, Tadano.
If I must.
Step right up.
HAPPY TO BE RELIED UPON.
Elegant red servants of the water.
Stay where you are.
I bought a frankfurter!
Hitohito, are these your friends?
Thanks for always being nice to my brother.
Huh?!
First there was the pool.
Huh? What a waste.
Me too! I don't want it to end either!
I'll never finish my homework!
GLOOM
INAKA IS A COUNTRY GIRL.
Seriously?
KOMI GOES BACK IN.
POINT
Do you want all the vegetables?
BEEP
I WOULD BE DELIGHTED TO VISIT.
Ah yes!
She won't understand the fine points of the technology!
You bore me.
Terrible rhythm.
Hey Komi!
Ah, I understand.
What do you wanna do?
FIRST-TIMER
You're a sitting duck! Yoooo!
But.
I'M SORRY
Oh, that's part of the game. Don't worry about it.
Yes! You've got it!
What?!
No!
Don't be a sore loser!
Let's get started!
It's just handing out tissues. Komi, you'll be fine.
But she's not handing them out.
I should have taken some.
EMPTY
We did it!
HE'LL BE MORE HURT IF PEOPLE SEE.
Hey Komi! Tadano!
Hello!
What gives, Tadano?
SO,
CALL ME "SHOKO" TOO.
Sho
Komi, now you try.
She should start it, right?
Victory to our god!
It's sports day!
So you're Komi!
What's up with that woman?
Let's just do our best.
The person with the most beautiful form
Moving on to the second game!
She got lots of points for artistry!
Do it or I'll bury you!
A flash rainstorm!
Yeah!
Tadano!
Schoolwide Musical Chairs!
Here!
The final competition is!
will get a hundred million points!
MISSED OPPORTUNITY
Is Komi going to be okay?
Are you
a normal guy like you to always be with her
Thank you!
GLOOM
They gave you work again?
If you say no, I'll just make more work for you!
This is for the culture festival
Bye, you two.
I'm rooting for the two of you.
Huh?
Komi?
Komi, you already have nice skin, so you'd just disappear.
Here.
WAVE WAVE
Rinna.
And thus, Tsugumi dormitory would be dissolved.
Sae-chan.
When will you formally decide on Wataru's punishment?
I... Do not wish to part with everyone.
And I want to be Rinna's useless trainer in track and field.
Saeri.
Because its a serious scandal, committed by a person from the same dormitory.
Regarding today's issue...
Even so, as a student, to think Hoshino would engage in such a shameless action...
Let's decide this quickly then, it's a summer vacation, hard to come by.
Please do.
It's more than 90 agreeing.
How about listening to everyone's opinion?
When I was in the dormitory...
That fellow is a born slob.
Then, this time it will be the opposite to before.
Let's just decide on removing the person who opposes giving Hoshino a severe punishment.
Miya, why...
Yo-Yoshikura-sensei!
Please wait a while. I'm off to the toilet.
Of course. We'll rest a while first.
Why didn't you help save that fellow?
The second time was at the Takamitsuka Festival last year.
No matter who it was, a man will always protect the person he likes.
If one was to fall In danger, you would expose the other person.
Ah... Takashi-kun.
At that time Ken-chan was still very young.
W-Wait! Wait!
W-What's going, on? This absurd news.
Principal Nogawa's nomination to the mayor elections and his corrupted ways?
Do you still want to continue. Takebu-sensei?
But there are people who will not be tricked by language too.
Prepare yourself for it.
That means, on the next page...
She's fast.
She doesn't look like an uncooperative person, she's quiet and polite.
Besides, after first meeting you, she must be attracted to you.
You wrongly drank sake instead of juice, then fell asleep, right?
I thought you were already sober, but...
Here, take this coffee.
I can't think of anyone in the third year that would win, except you.
If you're like that, it will be lonely here.
I completely have the same opinion, how rare.
If I win, you must eat together with us.
Don't take it so lightly, there's a chance you'll die if you're careless.
You must not go back to dormitory again, moreover, you'll be expelled.
No.
No, not here...
He didn't follow me.
If something happened to him, it's my fault.
W-what?
To make it clear, after the start of the course,
Whatever the result is, the person who gets to the goal first will be the winner.
Your arm, is it okay?
Because of him, this place wasn't destroyed.
...Concerning about various properties of this building and other things...
Do you hate it?
Hey, senpai.
Don't you know?
The stairs increase by one, so it becomes 13 stairs.
That doesn't happen.
Across South Sakoujima Island, he became an English Teacher, and then settled there.
And, the implementation from it was immediately followed by his retire and him coming back to this island.
Since he had experience in teaching school,
On this land, the reason he industrialized it,
What is it?
We got good responses since we started.
No, this is...
There's a small love bud that grew on this small island, it's a love story from this island.
Soon, this island's tourism visiting will change the development this island.
There's only one foreign young man in this island, he's a teacher.
I want to touch Miyako's beautiful long hair.
Aren't you going to help?
Now, let's go.
Miyako-san.
By the way, how did you know about this cave?
Want some, Miya?
I'll go see if the rain stopped.
I don't want to see you! I want to go back.
Can I do it?
Konohanatei.
The new girl?
You take it from here, Natsume.
That's just the way Satsuki is.
Idiots.
You're so quick to the task, Ren.
I'm Ren.
Konohanatei was built on the second highest point in the city, after the gods' shrine.
You two always lived on your own, huh?
Please be her instructor, Satsuki.
I imagine your older sister is hard at work with her employees right about now.
Come, shrimp.
Could we have dinner early?
Hurry up.
E-Enjoy your stay.
A-Are you hurt, sir?
As a token of our apology.
You mustn't!
What the hell are you doing?!
I can't accept this.
I told you what?
Isn't this...
Correction... The five others.
Satsuki-chan is busy enough just taking care of me,
I care!
We have to get back to work!
The scenery is so different when I'm with Sakura-chan.
She said it's fun being with me.
I'm so excited.
Go over to Natsume's room if you don't like it.
She falls asleep way too easily.
You must go and learn from many other souls, Yuzu.
Listen, you're going to take tomorrow off.
I usually have to make plans and prepare for the next day.
I don't need to think about anything tonight.
I'm fine.
Huh? Satsuki, there's a hole in your sock.
Kiri! Kiri!
Satsuki-chan, look at that!
Maneki-nekos!
Really?
Is it?
If this were Kiri, I'd totally say it.
That's a shame.
D-Did I say something to upset her?
She's so kind.
I'll roll around and wail.
I-I'm tired of my sister mocking me just because I'm younger than her.
Where are you traveling to?
There's still a lot that I don't know about this city, about Konohanatei,
Damn it, shut up!
I like you.
And not just a guardian deity to a small town like this one.
Indeed.
If I can make the cherry blossoms bloom, my sister will think differently of me.
Ayame.
I know you told me not to move, but...
The one in the middle.
And yet she revealed her secret to me.
I never knew it could make me so happy to touch someone's heart.
There's a banquet at the main hall.
You should greet them, too.
Foreign festivals seem to be all the rage.
Is that guest a kendo master?
Can you handle these, too?
because it's the way it is now.
Put your back into it!
Isn't she the gods' companion?
Well, the girls haven't seen you like this before, Okami.
Are you that surprised to see me in makeup?
This goes way beyond makeup!
I'm bored out of my mind.
Move it!
You and Sakura-chan have to stay quiet.
There you are.
Damn it, everyone's getting on my nerves.
Won't this just fall off?
What's the matter, Okiku-chan?
Get us out of here before Sakura finds us.
You can begin your new life, your new doll life, here.
They had me custom-made by an artisan,
I'll curse them!
I'll put a curse on them so they get leg cramps every night!
No wonder it's so cold.
Are you still angry that I brushed you aside earlier?
Jeez... Here.
For New Year's.
When did you throw it out?
Find it?
Don't you have to visit home, Natsume?
It looks really old.
Listen, we're here to thank the gods that we got through the year well.
I would have never dreamed that my life would be so lively.
The New Year's Eve bells are at the temple.
Huh? Where am I?
So busy...
I don't have time!
S-Sorry!
Oh, we're in the same business.
Huh?
"I wish my wife would come back to me"?
And turn down all the prayers of people who haven't made their offerings.
Um...
He hasn't made his offering, though.
and whether they're wishing this for someone other than themselves.
I've got the gist of the situation.
So...
I'm saying that you can't go back home.
Wh-What do you mean, I can't go home?
I found a new job thanks to the gods.
You all have such a tough job.
Inari Ohkami.
when you, Tsubaki, brought her here by accident.
A hot spring?
You don't need to apologize.
Um...
You're absolutely right.
You're going to end up separated eventually.
Even if we're going to part ways someday, even then,
O-Okay.
Oh, Ren-chan lent it to me.
It was Yanagi, wasn't it?
Welcome home.
I hope they reach the people I love
Okay, got it.
Thanks.
Merlion!
Please switch my partner out with Satsuki-neesama!
I certainly wouldn't want to cause trouble for our guests, but...
So then, the bucket fell right on Okami's head!
Don't fall for such an old prank, Yuzu.
She's always acting like a moron.
Oh, it's a girl.
Yuzu-chan.
Natsume, over here.
I was in a hurry.
I-I'm not kind.
I get it!
You don't get anything I said!
You there, cutie. Pour me some sake, too.
Don't let it get to you.
Just do whatever you're able to do.
Th-Thanks.
I've never seen such a beautiful girl.
Our great-great grandchild.
I'd let my guard down, since Konohanatei mostly gets older guests.
What?
S-Sounds like you're having fun. What are you talking about?
Oh, by the way, Nacchan, I saw you fighting in the yard.
By the way, Ren, tomorrow...
Nacchan's work!
Please talk to me if there's anything bothering you.
This is about my friend.
But don't you think it's pointless to get jealous over that?
I-I have a steamed bun here that I've been saving.
Pardon me.
So please, Natsume-niisan, teach me.
Oh, that's all?
S-Sorry.
You wouldn't look me in the eye this morning when we were leaving, either.
I'm sorry.
It was sad not being able to see your face, you know.
Yeah.
Hey, um...
Because I said so.
"To my sister, Satsuki:
Perfect timing.
Hiiragi-san is Satsuki's older sis
Nacchan.
Goodbye, Ren.
How are you feeling, Ren?
I'm way too distracted to sleep.
It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks.
It has to be you, Satsuki-chan.
It can't be anyone else.
Satsuki-chan!
I'm fine.
Thank goodness.
Work just doesn't get done without you around.
I said I forgot!
Urinosuke's totally settled in.
I think that's fine.
They finally become human if they survive for seven years.
That's beautiful.
Satsuki-chan.
I hope that's what happened.
You can wear this yukata until your kimono is dry.
Oh, your ball's stuck in the tree.
I'm an onee-chan, actually.
Sure.
I washed them for you, since you never will.
What do you think, Yuzu?
Our guest came through our entrance of her own free will.
the fleeting dreams you have here at Konohanatei,
Isn't that good enough?
At the very least, our guest doesn't mind that it's a dream.
Which room is she staying in?
It truly was like a dream.
To where her daughter awaits.
Through a dark hallway that should have been empty,
a child walks, making a disturbing dripping, dragging sound as she goes.
Your hair's gotten pretty long, Okiku-chan.
At least let someone else do it!
I was made by a master craftsman!
Now she just needs a kimono.
Listen to me!
I liked this obiage, but let's use this.
You don't have to do that for me.
I think I have some scraps.
Don't worry about it.
What can we do?
Please, Mom!
Yay!
Her name is Okiku.
Okiku.
You don't look like a Japanese doll.
Yes? How may I help?
It looked like we had more open rooms.
Don't bother making the room too tidy, either.
Don't get in my way.
Pardon me.
It's like accompaniment music.
By myself?
You certainly have a long road ahead.
I can! It's not that hard.
I don't mind serving it,
O-Okay.
Can you stay and sing for a while?
My older sister works faster than me.
but it's really exciting to watch the rain cloth come together by your hands.
She did what she could to make friends, but no one truly loved her.
believing she could become someone else if she erased herself...
Holy crap!
We were telling horror stories, and an actual ghost showed up.
I can!
So soft...
Sure.
Nacchan?
You just lost your edge.
Let's catch it.
Wh-What are you talking about?
What...
There's something hot about playing with your own body.
I couldn't say no to a face like that.
Yes, I was stuck in the snow by myself, and that's when Bikuni-sama took me in.
What's wrong with her?
Look, Yuzu.
Didn't you say no one would make fun of you if you served an Inari shrine?
Thank you.
You're that little fox from way back.
They're all about your age.
That's why I'm sending you off.
But earlier.
I hope I can put on beautiful flowers next time.
That was the story of a slightly odd night of my first summer at Konohanatei.
That's right.
All right, let's take Yun-tan to a real festival today.
I'll stay behind.
Stuffed Squid
My, what cute children.
It's like glass art.
but how about something with a bit more sentimentality?
Okay, Sakura-chan, let's go.
Hey, has there always been so few people?
My home is with...
Huh?
I'm sorry.
You didn't go to the festival, Okiku-chan?
Candy apples are dessert.
All right, let's start with takoyaki!
Look at that huge stuffed squid!
But...
I-I am.
Why don't you compliment me after all the effort I put in?
Not that I'd say that.
I wish I had a boyfriend like him.
Because there's a real gem next to me all the time.
Do you want me to carry you, or do you want a piggyback ride?
That's how it was last time.
Tamaya!
It's so pretty.
I wonder if I'll get to go next year.
Do your feet hurt?
You've never had one before, have you?
I'm sure your friends must be worried.
Th-That's my tail. Why?
Actually, I don't know what it's used for, either.
Huh?
Such childish lies.
My father's a stubborn workaholic.
But when I stop lying,
reality is so boring that it's painful.
Never mind.
To deceive someone is to take something from them or to hurt them by lying.
I just a saw an alien over there!
But fantasies and daydreams are all a part of reality, too.
It's me, your classmate, Tanabe.
Like, I sit right in front of you.
And I swam back to here.
I'm going to do great work when I grow up, too, you know.
"You're talented, Kaito. You might be even greater than Dad one day."
Don't you think it's sad for someone who's going to do
great things in the future to look down on other people's work?
I must finally be losing my mind.
Want to go for a walk with Mom and Dad?
Kaito, have you been well?
Go home!
I'm never going home!
I have money.
Forehead-ears?!
Show some kindness.
You say that like I just failed a job interview.
Up and up!
So that's why you left home.
I started out as a truck driver, and ended up as the president of a small transport company.
In the end, we're all dancing on the palm of God's hand.
She was so cold and distant to me, at first.
Don't be stupid!
I served them well, as a man, as a father.
Indeed, I could hear your wife's grumbling.
You do remember him..
Kaito.
Are you up, Kaito?
Next episode: Evanescent...
Please stop!
Thank you very much!
Urashima-san's got some serious lung capacity.
But in the book I read, the god of tides made a boat for him.
You could spend every day having fun.
Invite him inside.
Wait... Are they marinating me?
Welcome.
What?
One moment, please.
What should we do?
Yes, I'd be glad to.
Allow me to wash your back, Awanami-sama.
Go clean up or something.
I'm telling you not to give me any more trouble!
Reserved
Hey, what's up, Yun-tan?
Is Awanami-sama that great?
Wait... Did I ever use soap?
Now we're partners in guilt.
It's all right.
Go away!
She's already scheming something!
So, would you care to explain what this is about?
Well...
S-Sorry, I...
Yuzu-chan.
Stop saying embarrassing stuff like that.
Hey!
Sakura,
Awanami-sama is going through her rebirth right now.
Just as earthly life goes through death and birth,
I can't stand looking at blobby things.
If you're really sorry, you could have split up at home.
Ah, no.
I'm sorry. I should have explained it to you.
I can give out orders.
We'll show you the way.
It relieves the exhaustion of such a long trip.
Did you bring the guest through that area because you knew the scenery there is pretty?
She seemed tired from walking the mountain path.
That's the thing.
She has really become a model attendant.
Sorry.
It's not your fault...
Satsuki-chan.
We caused the medicine man trouble, and I ended up sleep-deprived...
What a mess.
But how did I suddenly get back to normal?
I'll do anything if it'll make you normal again.
But I can't ask!
Hey-ho!
Well, Satsuki-neesama and Hiiragi-san are blood sisters, right?
I bet there's some sibling drama.
Hey, you.
Satsuki, I brought our mother's famous nukazuke.
I'm attendant Satsuki.
You're all wet now.
Why?
Stop talking about the past!
Yes?
I should be happy for that to come true.
My sister's been missing all day.
She's always been a troublemaker, but this is
This princess here was having trouble getting down.
All right, let's have some fun!
She draws people to her.
The princess wishes to see the kagura dance.
Are the moon dancers not to your liking, Princess?
Huh? That sounds cute.
Oh, that's it?
There's no such thing as skill in being grateful.
Satsuki?
It's because I asked you to dance
If the guest is happy, so am I.
I'd expect no less from your sister.
Even though friendships are important,
Liar!
Miyabi...
Well, that was... Miyabi was...
You're mistaken!
Something is bothering me about the way you phrased that, but there is a reason for it.
If we don't all go to the restroom, we might pee ourselves.
Being scared like a child by that...
Yeah.
Kunitachi-san, are you okay?
It's all right. Just come on.
W-Wait!
If I do that, then we'd have matching ones!
So, if I am the perpetrator, you want me to tell you?
Well, do you know about this rumour?
but can you see if you can find out about his little sister?
If you find something out, I would like you to inform me.
Soon, my company will be doing business with Mikadono Group.
My best guess is that he intends to use that information as leverage.
The reason is...
Eh? Engaged?
It's something my parents decided together.
Maybe this is...
Then...
Besides, the discussions have already moved forward.
Just do it. Hurry up.
Eh? But, why...
Next up is Tsuruma-senpai's mucus membrane.
Huh? What's wrong?
So, what will it be? Huh?
What are you talking about?
If you're trying to break the dress code,
Did you see? Did you see it?
to keep students in line.
It's dangerous to run so much!
What is this?
What is this?
I will pass.
I'll get some soft serve while I wait for you.
I'll buy you one.
Come back alive, you two.
Now that we're alone together,
K-Kunitachi-san...
Hey, Rinka-chan!
I'm not interested in such a childish ride.
It's so fluffy and cute!
Maybe I'll buy one, too.
Oh, Konoe. Sorry for calling you so late.
Morality Officer
Playing innocent won't do you any good.
Are you saying I'm the culprit?
That way, you can make announcements using that voice.
You bought that strap at the amusement park.
It seems there's no point in hiding it any longer.
Recently, board member Genda came as an
instructor for a student council training session...
attends Miryuin Academy?
Why do you want me to do this?
So Genda meant to blackmail the Mikadono Group...
in order to gain an advantage in the negotiations.
Please do not try to determine my identity.
And when you warned me to be careful of my surroundings,
Yes.
Kunitachi-san, is there any way
It's impossible.
Oh, no. I meant let's pretend to be lovers.
but I want to save you.
Because I am your lover.
It's only natural for me to make you lunch.
Yes.
he approves of us dating and someday getting married...
The next episode is episode 9,
I was thinking of helping Mom out,
Mom.
You're looking for someone to marry.
It's the first step of a new chapter in my life.
Really.
W-Well... I kind of eat them every day.
If you won't become my cream puff friend, I won't show you the way to school.
The birds on that clock start singing at every hour and every half past.
So he's the Mikadono Group's...
I'm wondering if I upset her somehow.
This should do.
What are you all scared for?
Y-You were listening in?
Prove it?
Like I said, I wasn't trying to kiss her!
My tongue? Seriously?
A birthday cake for me?
Th-This is...
Hello? Who's this?
Why are you calling me Onii-sama?
I'm the one who's kissing you on the cheek.
I attend the same school you do.
Shougo-san.
I've come to marry you!
Isn't that obvious?
"A Dance With My Sister in the Moonlight."
That's right, Onii-chan.
Sister Cafe.
I'm just your average businesswoman.
Right. So that's how it is.
I belong to the Seiryuu Association, a secret agency that covertly deals with the problems of the Mikadono Group.
Mr. Kumagorou apparently fathered a girl with another woman.
I see.
Shougo-kun, are there any girls that you've suddenly and recently become friends with?
I'm so glad I'm in this class!
I'm asking you why you're at my school.
What could they be doing?
Got it.
I'm looking forward to it.
I see.
I'd like to hear the opinion of the Mikadono Group's future president.
Wh-What's this?
H-Huh? How come?
What do you mean, exciting?!
Get a hold of yourself!
You're pretty good at this, Kunitachi-san.
They're amazing.
It might be a good night for a Cinderella to dance.
Why?
I don't want to dance with someone else!
Our own little...
Did you see my boobs?
I don't trust you.
I won't.
You can look now, Shougo-san.
Hello?
You were there too?
What?!
Stop messing around!
I'm not going to marry my own sister
When we were hugging earlier, I bet he wanted to see them!
Oh. Looks like you're awake.
Simple, if you will.
I see.
That's right.
What a coincidence!
Do you want to see my naked body in the bath?
I love my sister.
I am your younger sister.
I-I've come to marry you.
We're here to guide you back to the light. Back to liking women.
So you actually wanted a sister that badly.
I can help you get dressed.
Don't worry.
Man, that was terrible.
Keep going!
If you lock eyes with Mizutani-kun, you'll get pregnant!
Oh, so you're trying to impregnate Mizutani-kun instead?
Indeed.
If you don't like being chased around, just turn them down once and for all.
You just kept running away.
Tsuruma-san went somewhere too.
Huh? Kyouasu makes swimsuits on top of cellphones and cameras?
I see.
Uh, Shougo?
Watch out!
Y-Yeah.
What?
Wh-What?
But we can't.
Here's your reward!
Oh, Onii-chan?
Ikusu, cut it out already.
Caller ID.
Look forward to the results.I'll let you know what I come across.
Oh, nothing really.
Let's get going.
Sensei!
You fool!Yatterman ref.
Kotori Attack!
During her first year, Kannagi-san couldn't make friends.
Now, "amiable siblings" is used here to mean, "this brother and sister are very friendly with each other."
Um...
Hey!
What's this?
I tried withholding the caller ID this time.
They apparently bought the technology from some start-up company.
so you need to set an example for the other students.
President Tendou.
Wait, President!
Goodbye, Onii-sama.
Watch out!
I knew it was wrong to look,
Huh? But she always referred to Grand Bellion as "Onii-sama."
It was really fun.
and said it was because you trusted me,
Oh?
Sorry. It's my fault.
When we were younger?
That's right.
What?!
Who do you want to marry?
I didn't even know the day of the funeral.
Mikadono Shougo's sister, huh?
Only fair?
Enough to give you a morning call like this one.
G-Good morning.
No, I'll also get...
Konoe-chan, congrats!
Well, it's more like the people who helped me look for Konoe.
I'm sorry, but please play along with her for a bit.
we must respond to the curiosity of the public!
She keeps waking me up every morning...
You seem to be spacing out a lot.
No morning training today.
We're swimming after school.
Mikadono.
Yeah.
Um...
Really?
But a curiosity for things unknown is something all proprietors need...
Anyway, let's get going!
Hehe, she called me "Onee-chan"!
I'm your slightly cheeky and somewhat precocious little sister!
May I take your order?
O-ni-i-cha...
Hah, she wrote "Onii-cha"!
This is... really salty...
Well? Are you dying from moe overload yet?
What?!
Who is it?
Onii-chan, welcome back meow
Can I ask you something?
Sure. Ask me anything.
Does that mean your being born in March is also...
However, when my mother passed away from an illness, we sold the cafe,
I used that money to buy back my mother's cafe.
I guess I really should tidy things up a bit.
Is that rumor true?!
I may be good at math, but I'm not cut out for business.
A "delination" for an advertisement? What's that?
Oh, she just laughed five times.
What are you sighing about?
But...
Good luck with the swim training.
in one stroke...
Fluffy omelette rice that just melts in your mouth.
My family trained me so I would make a good bride.
Elitism is a very fine moe quality.
Oniichan-senpai, give me one too!
Let's do everything we can for this event and make business boom!
Onii-chan, here you go!
Ooh, Kunitachi and President Tendou!
Yo, Shougo-kun.
Y-Yes, thank you.
If our chromosomes can come together,
You can stop joking now.
Hello?
Sorry, but could you help me look for it?
Anyway, I came across an interesting name while investigating on the cellphone front.
It didn't ring.
so I made an advance on you, thinking you were interested in me.
The weather was great that day.
The sky was so blue it was almost saddening.
I did think it was a good idea, though.
And while preparing for her escape, she'd wait for you to realize she was the sister this time.
And thus, the sister who had been intimidating Mikadono Shougo would vanish to a faraway land.
My, my.
She's an unwanted presence in the Mikadono family.
You aside, do you really think the rest of your family would warmly welcome her into the house?
Wouldn't they treat her as a nuisance instead?
I'll tell you who she is.
Geez, backing away just like that? You're too nice a person.
Mikadono Shougo.
Senpai, could you do me one last favor?
Hey uh, we have a preview to do...
Of course not!
Like hell I can!
But... out here?
Wh-What are you saying?!
You know, like your blood or urine.
Pee maniac!
Pee?
Hey!
They'll cut my salary...
But don't even think about finding out who I am.
Do you understand?
Got it? You need to be careful of those around you.
It's very likely, yes.
President Tendou!
I gave in to the pressure and accepted, but why am I a disciplinary officer?
If it's a joke, it's in extremely poor taste!
I heard the school valued student freedom, but I wasn't expecting this much.
Mikadono-senpai.
Shiga-san, check them out.
That was three screams.
You want me to join as a sister?
No secret photography in school!
Mikadono-senpai has no sense of his responsibilities as a special high-class disciplinary officer!
I know!
You must be kind and gentlemanly when dealing with them.
Hey!
I didn't! I didn't, okay?!
I don't want to hear your excuses!
Well, I guess that's to be expected from all the hard work you've been doing.
Wait, President Tendou!
Dead bodies aren't really my thing.
Why don't you come with me, President Tendou? I'll treat you.
Nice!
Let's get on that too.
Its tail.
Ooh, then the two of us will have matching straps!
This.
Playing dumb won't work.
It's the first time I've heard that.
Why would you want me to do that?
But I had no other choice.
Don't even think about finding out who I am.
And since things have already gotten this far, it's too late...
It's probably strange for me to say this, since you were the one who helped me.
Please, just close them.
No, wait...
Oh come on, don't ask why.
Girlfriend?!
Coming!
I was taking the opportunity to visit the school.
Please call me Yuzurina.
Obscene?
It's only natural for a sister to be worried about her older brother!
U-Um, Onii-sama... your hands...
Ugh, it's Mom.
You will eventually be the company president,
Shougo, it sounds like you still haven't found a girl who'd accompany you to a formal party.
Um, Sensei... timing check this part
That's not what I meant.
Ooh, what's this? You two know each other?
I apologize for the late introduction.
Then give us some proof.
Practically all the documents proving our blood relation have been destroyed.
So I don't have any proof...
That's what I think.
Couldn't you use a DNA test to prove you're brother and sister?
That's right!
Shougo-kun, you're popular, as usual!
For the party?
Am I wrong?
As a partner?
Are you saying you can't marry me, even after seeing me naked?
I-I was naked with Shougo-san on his bed!
Because the girl going to the party with Shougo-kun...
Who is the candidate this time?
She claims that she's my sister.
To avoid any unnecessary chaos, I believe it may be best to tell her when everything is clear and ready.
Okay!
Eating out every night is bad for your diet.
The girls' dorm is just over there.
Please eat it.
My times didn't improve even after practicing all day.No duh. You get tired, and then your times get worse.
No no no!
No, I just thought I saw someone.
You got that right!
This will still go on for quite a bit!
Not everyone takes a significant other to a party.
President Tendou!
Wh-What?
To speak for too long would be unwise.
Cheers!
Oh! Nice to meet you!
Like she was worrying about something.
Yes.
Ikusu, what's the meaning of this?
Then what do we do?
She won't fall that easily.
I...
One time, Daddy Kumagorou sent me a letter along with my living expenses.
I don't mind if the world learns about me.
Huh?
You're right.
And I'll show the world that I can devote myself to one woman alone.
That's my Onii-sama!
All right.
Let's get back to the party.
That's right.
That's probably why she can't be honest with you despite her feelings for you.
Let's see.
I can now find a girlfriend without any worries.
Geez, where did you go?
Shougo-san.
What do you think of my boobs?
Hey, Shougo.
Liar.
I ate so much, my tummy's all full!
Um... How is Kannagi-san doing?
Speaking of which, when did Miyabi and Sagara-senpai...
I don't want to hear your excuses!
You don't have to bring up something that far back...
It's morning.
What are you
N-Nothing.
I'm your younger sister.
Here!
Here!
Yakui.
Excuse me, Sensei!
What now, Tanaka?
But I do know that you're right within the reach of the people plotting to prevent you from becoming president.
Hmm, it looks like I've reached my activity limit.
Did you see that? Did you see that?!
Yes, it's one floor above mine.
Well, I heard that you caught a cold.
Hey
But...
Konoe's taking a while.
If you won't...
awatetetaI knocked over some sugar in my room because I was in a rush.
But after talking about the funeral this morning,
Hold on.
I don't know why.
And make sure you find someone who truly cares for you and needs your support.
I'm your younger sister.
I wasn't able to go.
But I do know that you're right within the reach of the people plotting to prevent you from becoming president.
Kannagi Miyabi, distinguished swimmer since middle school, accepted into our school through a sports recommendation!Obviously the only girl who could have been at the funeral that day. DAMMIT.
Um... Shougo-san?
But but...
The computer in the Student Council room is not for searching for sweets!
What's wrong?OH MY GOD I WANT ONE
I need to practice every day.
Good, very good indeed!
The precocious sister is playing cafe!
Yes, I'm sure.
Be my boyfriend.
Yuzurina, do you have some time to talk?
Wait!
We're siblings related by blood!
The one who prepared the invitations was Seri-san.
Why?
Stop that pathetic acting.
You don't have to get so mad.
Kannagi-san was...
I don't know why, but she's been crying ever since she was rescued.
That's why I'm going to tell her everything I know.
Yes.
Shougo...
No, I was just lying down with my eyes closed.
Okay.
But you were accepted on a sports recommendation.
Kunitachi-san told me that people accepted on recommendations take exams on a different day.
If I'm wrong, tell me.
I didn't know what they were talking about at first.
After that, my dad changed hospitals, and I never saw you again.
It said that the money was for living expenses and to use it to make his daughter, me, happy.
When I found out that my first love was my brother, I didn't know what to do.
I really just wanted to tell you that I'm your sister.
But I was nervous.
Lucky?
You saw that?!
Then I'll explain myself.
If a scandal were to occur, she would suffer emotionally as well.
I received the living expenses.
If it really proves that you're his sister, I'll give you my full support.
So that's why.
I didn't know what to do.
Shougo-oniisama's sister is me.
Is that why you suddenly asked me on a date?
Then you'll forgive me?
I tried to trace her, but she's probably hiding herself.
But don't let your guard down.
I'm done...
What, you want to go to school in your pajamas?
Would you like to have a morning cream puff with
You're right...
Quit it!
Yup! It works!
It looks really good!
You should have my handmade lunch instead!
Okay, stop right there.
Let's try Kunitachi-san's next.
Open wide.
Because I'm Shougo's sister, obviously.
Yup!
Well, that's just how she is.
Th-Those are...
Granny, can I have this?
Man...
Why the question?
They let you keep a tab, so I'm always here before payday.
What's that, President?
Here you go!
Well? Is it good?
Really?
Just like that.
Cafe... SFX?
What's wrong, Mikadono?
But I think I might go for one with an open chest...
Mikadono-san had been bedridden since half a year ago.
Onii-sama.
But I'm an only child.
I've come to marry you!
Shougo-sama.
Mom.
The dormitories have too many rules that might interfere with building a relationship.
Hey
I can drive you to school if you'll be going now.
A patisserie...
Really.
So why did you buy a cream puff on your way to school?
Huh? Are you sure?
If you won't become my cream puff friend, I won't show you the way to school.
It's as if we've known each other for a long time.
Kannagi Miyabi-san.
He's kinda hot!
No, not really, just...
You don't like being with me.
Really, I...
Mikadono-san, you're so gullible!
That was... um...
Oh, that's right.
I mean, Shougo-san, call me "Konoe" too.
Pain, pain, go away!
Does it still hurt?
Yeah, but why did an empty can just...
What do you think you're doing at school?
Does that mean I can eat all the snacks?
I wasn't hitting on her.
All right!
I'm your younger sister.
Present? So it's from you?
It's a photo from back then, when we went to the amusement park together.
But I don't even have a younger sister...
Give me your name!
They're so soft and full of cream...
No! No!
And during the funeral...
Right. So that's how it is.
Well, if she were in the family register, I would've known a long time ago.
Don't panic.
I belong to the Seiryuu Association, a secret agency that covertly deals with the problems of the Mikadono Group.
I'll be straight to the point.
Looks like I'm right.
Ms. Kanoko once mentioned it to an associate.
Marry?
You said my mother knows about my father's illegitimate child.
I see.
The student council hosts a ballroom dance party around this time every year.
Yes, and um...
Yeah, sure. I don't mind.
I'm so glad I'm in this class!
My cute little kitten.
Your sister is nearby, concealing her identity and going for you.
She'd think I'm some crazy pervert if I asked for her saliva for no reason.
Let's talk in my room after school.
What do you think, Shougo-kun?
It makes you look really nice and mature.
You'll ruin the reputation of the student council!
I see.
But I'm not a very good dancer...
Hold me too!
This was an unfortunate accident!
I didn't deserve a roundhouse kick for that.
Why would I?
I don't want to go inside!
Out here?
There you go.
No!
Did you see?
I bet you'll take a peek.
You don't want to see them enough to swear to God?
Miyabi!
I was right beside you the entire time.
Who are you?
Why are my boobs so small?
Your dance was wonderful.
Oh. Looks like you're awake.
Y-You idiot! Why are you stripping?!
Hello?
What a coincidence!
Do you want to see my naked body in the bath?
What the hell?!
Maybe "I love my sister"?
I love my sister!
I am your younger sister.
We'll be together from now on.
Oh, you're finally up.
Oh, you're up, Shou-nii.
We're here to guide you back to the light. Back to liking women.
We'll help cure you, Shou-nii.
So why are you two acting like my sisters?
Huh? Why?
Man, that was terrible.
Oh, Shou-nii!
It's all because you left them lying around like that.
Shougo-oniichan.
As if!
Not that I mind at all.
Oh right, you're in the swim club.
Shou-nii, you're sweating a lot.
Wh-What are you two...
Wait!
Shou-nii!
C-Closet...?!
Wh-Wh-What are you saying?!
It's not that I don't like it...
What should I do?
Don't you try putting on my boxers.
No way...
Hehe! Does it look good?
I took the trouble to put it on.
Wh-Why the sudden question?
I'm serious.
Miyabi, I'm happy that you like me.
You and I can't become lovers.
Next week: Episode 4.
It's me.
Oh? How did you know it was me?
How should I put it?
Probably something small.
She called me from the bath one time.
Sensei!
What? Nothing really.
Please don't lie to me!
Where the heck is she?
"Goodbye"?
I tried withholding the caller ID this time.
Don't confuse me like that!
Don't run in the hallways!
so you need to set an example for the other students.
So that's where you are.
How did you know I was here?
Then you already...
Hey, wait up!
You shouldn't run like that.
but I saw your transfer-in papers on Kotori-sensei's desk.
I took down your address and your phone number.
I sent you the cake, the picture of us, and the Grand Bellion action figure.
Does that mean...
I didn't think it'd end up like this.
How do you explain this?!
Well, now that the misunderstanding is cleared,
Shougo can marry me with no worries.
That's right.
So I knew both Konoe and Miyabi back then.
That's when I met you for the first time.
and I couldn't see you anymore.
It was like God had finally listened to my prayers from when I was a kid.
Huh?
My dad sort of got to know Kumagorou-san from going to the hospital,
but she's not Konoe or Miyabi.
Wh-Why?!
Sorry, my memory's a bit fuzzy.
But surely you remember us practicing how to have babies, right?
Do you remember how I came to see you at Daddy's funeral?
So you're the one who said you were my sister at the time...
I'm worried about you, Onii-sama.
Wait, so you know about my private life too?!
Why would you worry about that?
Shougo-san, what's wrong?
Wait, what kind of class rep is she?
No, I'll also get...
Congratulations!
Your sister called you again?
But that sister's voice can't be produced without using the voice changer in Tsuruma-kun's cellphone.
using the phone's voice changer to pretend to be my mysterious sister.
I've been waiting for you, Mikadono Shougo.
As our paper, the Miryuu Academy Times, is a medium that conveys the truth,
Geez, don't scare me like that!
We're swimming after school.
Looks like that woke you up a little.
Oh, you were just thinking of getting some sleep at the infirmary?
Equipment that was already stored here, as well as my research materials.
Yeah.
Am I sleeping here with you?
Doesn't matter.
I was born in April, so we're just a month apart.
I guess that means we were pretty close to being in the same year.
It kind of fits Sagara-senpai's image though.
It's not something a future company president should do!
Swim training even on a Sunday, huh?
Why not?
I'm Kurumi.
L-Let's.
Onii-chan, Onee-chan.
Well? Are you dying from moe overload yet?
What?!
Today's the "Young Sister Wife Day."
It's common for kids there to take the day they were picked up as their birthday.
I did think you were extraordinary in a sense,
Yes.
I'll give you a hand.
Sagara-senpai has the same cellphone as Tsuruma-kun?
That would mean Sagara-senpai's the mysterious sister this time...
Mikadono-senpai.
Huh? Sort of...
It's a rumor circulating among the students who work at Lyrical Sisters...
Sorry if my being delusional has caused any problems!
My, what an adorable little waitress.
A girl from the newspaper club told me.
Your tastes are the problem here, not your business skills...
A delineation for an advertisement.
It seems that even the blood of an Emperor
Sorry we took so long!
I'll be a super-moe waitress!
What's the matter with this tail?!
Wow!
Where did you learn how to cook?
Huh? Elitist?
Mind over matter.
I'd like one too!
We have more repeat customers, or I should say our sales have increased.
I'm serious about this.
You...
Sorry, did I interrupt something?
Anyway, I came across an interesting name while investigating on the cellphone front.
And she'd use that phone to call me every morning...
I see. So it was a trap.
I see.
And thus, the sister who had been intimidating Mikadono Shougo would vanish to a faraway land.
Senpai, I'm begging you!
Why? Why is this happening?!
Morning!
unagiTry this eel and soft-shelled turtle jelly roll.
Training's canceled today, so why can't I?
The Mikadono Group's stocks seem to be doing well again today.
Being naked helps to eliminate my body odor.
Besides, you came to this school to find a girl who'll be your lifelong companion.
I think you mentioned that before.
A DNA test?
Please.
By "mucus membrane," I meant inside your mouth...
You said it's for DNA testing, but who knows what you plan to do with the cotton swab later?
Another method?
Bodily fluids?
H-Here I go.
Don't touch me!
Hey!
Sensei.
Did I say something strange?
Oh, not exactly.
When I noticed the next day, I ran to the campus dumpster to retrieve it,
Shougo-kun, you're forgetting something important.
Wait a minute!
The board of directors found that broadcasting prank yesterday in very poor taste.
but from now on, the student council will take the initiative to correct student behavior on campus.
What are you talking about?!
Right now, the directors have their eyes on you.
I guess so...
M-Mikadono-senpai, I look forward to working with you!
I-I'm very sorry!
You've brought the goods to be exchanged, right?
And when I think about my favorites being used by my friends, it feels like I'm being cuckolded.
With Shiga-san's checks, one scream is a warning,
Any other complaints?
Anyway, your skirt's too short!
O-Of course I don't!
What? Yours shouldn't be against the rules.
But you won't know for sure unless you measure it!
Well, I...
"If you wish to shoot the general, shoot his horse first," right?
The moon is shining...
That was a pretty rough ride.
Geez, only a kid would be scared of that stuff.
I'm cool with this.
Huh? The power's out?
Hey, Rinka-chan!
I also found this phone with a built-in voice changer in this room.
My, my.
Didn't you buy that strap at the amusement park?
You almost certainly borrowed that cellphone from Tsuruma-senpai.
As you suspected, I'm the one who pretended to be your sister in the broadcast.
I know him quite well.
I'd like you to investigate his sister for me.
It's something our parents decided.
Someone without the pressure of an elite family behind them...
I had no idea you were trying so hard to help me.
And since things have already gotten this far, it's too late...
It's probably strange for me to say this, since you were the one who helped me.
Huh?
Of course I'd make you your lunch.
I don't want to hear your excuses!
You should be able to get much more intimate that way.
Wait, President Tendou!
I guess it's tough being part of an elite family.
What's this?
M-Monsters... monsters!
If you don't, something really scary w-w-will...
I'm cool with this.
Dead bodies aren't really my thing.
I'll have a soft ice cream while waiting for you.
I don't know about that, though...
Sorry I took so long.
K-Kunitachi-san!
This was the only rental swimsuit they had left.
Nice!
I-I didn't mean to do that! It was an unfortunate accident!
I-It's fine.
Its tail.
But... why?
What do you mean by that?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Playing dumb won't work.
Did you really think you could trick me with...
It doesn't look like I can hide it any longer.
It's the first time I've heard that.
So Genda intends to threaten the Mikadono Group?
With that in mind, I was halfway towards giving up when, one day, I found that cellphone by the dumpster.
And with the board of directors' inspection coming up,
as if another me had whispered it into my ear, I suddenly came up with that plan.
And then I...
I had no idea you were trying so hard to help me.
You don't have to apologize.
I can't.
It's probably strange for me to say this, since you were the one who helped me.
Now that I know you're having a really hard time, I can't leave you alone anymore.
I, for one, am glad he quit!
Well, everyone, it's time for the regular Shiga-san's Check!
Okay. Ahh...
Next week: Episode 9.
O-Okay... Yuzurina.
In fact, as your sister, I want nothing more than for you to have a wonderful love life!
That's right.
I will be sending you two invitations.
The girl accompanying me?
Shougo, it sounds like you still haven't found a girl who'd accompany you to a formal party.
Sensei!
That's not what I meant.
That's why I'd like you to keep what we'll be talking about inside this room.
Practically all the documents proving our blood relation have been destroyed.
Well, I don't think you're lying,
Mikadono, you're quite the womanizer.
President Tendou, are you even listening to me?
This is happening because you can't even make up your mind!
Who is the candidate this time?
Also, please keep this a secret from Kanoko-sama for now.
Thanks for making my dinner on top of preparing my lunches.
Thanks for the meal!
So... help yourself...
Take this! timing check
Tsuruma Konoe.DELICIOUS OGURA YUI SISTER I NEED ONE. NEEEEEED ONE
Kunitachi Rinka.
Yeah.
It's your fault, Shougo-san.
You just wouldn't eat my dessert.
No no no!
Then she really is... Yuzurina really is...
...my sister?
Finally, I know who my sister is!
You burst into my room with the blood gone from your face.
You're so silly, Onii-sama.
Of course, we can't say we're family in front of everyone.
My foster parents are first cousins to Daddy Kumagorou.
I can ask them to prepare invitations for your friends as well.
Is there a problem?NONE AT ALL. HNNNNGG.
W-Well, your dress at the dance party before was great, but today's is really cute too.HNG
However, in these uncertain socio-economic times,
very difficult challenges face our Group, the importances of which cannot be played down.
Oh, very good!
Turn! Turn!
My...
It might be a good idea to look for her.
Invalidate my bid to become president?
She won't fall that easily.
Kannagi-san...
That's my Onii-sama!
Let's get back to the party.
I'm sure Kannagi-san is waiting for you too.
She talked about you the entire time.
Smooch! Smooch!
One of the hotel's suite rooms.
Shougo.
Wh-What do I think?
We played together every day, but then I never saw you again!
Sorry.
I see.
Don't you do anything strange to Kannagi while she's asleep.
Really now?
M-Mom, what is it?
What do you mean, what?
To begin with, I'm not exactly happy that you invited five of your school friends!
Then, Yuzurina, was it a joke that time, too?
Here!
Here!
What now, Tanaka?
Did you find anything out?
S-Sorry.
Did you see that? Did you see that?!
Are Marie Chocolate's puddings one of their specialties too?
Miyabi's room is on the third floor, right?
I see. That's good.
I can make the tea.
Oh, one second.
Don't worry. It won't take long.
If you won't...
I had to take the entrance exam for Miryuuin Academy.
Supposing that were Konoe, then what was her motive?
P-President Araya's the same as ever...
Come here.
I'm sure... um... it's just the pressure from the meet getting to her.
This one looks good too!
And this one looks delicious too!
Why is this even happening? It doesn't make sense!
Just watch me swim.
Stop grumbling and come in.
What are you doing?
We need to do something quick!
Yes, I'm sure.
Shougo.
I-I knew that.
I can't be your girlfriend.
I have no other choice at this point.
Yuzurina, do you have some time to talk?
You're plotting to get Miyabi and me together, aren't you?
I don't know what you're talking about!
Yuzurina, we found out we were siblings using a DNA test, didn't we?
The one who prepared the invitations was Seri-san.
I don't know!
Why won't you believe me?!
A child star who stunned the world with her acting ten years ago.
I've failed at my job. I'll disappear soon enough.
She started drowning at morning practice, but it's nothing serious.
It seems to be something psychological, so she'll be resting in the infirmary until she calms down.
Mikadono.
That's right. It was me.
Please, don't say anything and just take it.
How do you know I'm a fake?
I see.
If she intends to keep her identity hidden, I will provide support for her in every possible way.
I-It's me.
Let's see.
Yes.
but she just accepted it and said that it was okay that I had changed my mind.
I didn't know what to do.
Then Houshou-san called me.
It was about an hour before you and Tsuruma-san came to see me.
If you hadn't suddenly decided not to give her the letter, I wouldn't have caught on to her plot.
Why would I need to?
Sorry, everyone.
Sh-Shougo-san, were you planning on making babies with Mizutani-kun?!
In that case, please date me under pretense of marriage!
Shougo-kun's so popular.
What? Oh, no...
My brother was quite the stern type.
but it's not all bad, being young.
I think it lets me see different things.
Sumi, you too.
Come on.
You're so kind, Suzu.
What should we draw?
Nice job, Urano.
Umm...Mizuhara?
Urano, give me your hand.
The sea was like this when a ship capsized at New Year's.
You're right,
Oh, thanks...
March 1940
operations in the Eastern Pacific have...
Yes.
You're going far away to get married.
Where did you come from, Grandma?
That's just one village over.
I hope it'll work out for you.
Because you have to.
Oh, him? He's an odd one, you see.
Please close the blinds facing the ocean.
Hello, Mrs. Kobayashi.
I'm glad the weather is nice.
I have a bad leg so,
Where have I ended up?
Nice to meet you.
I'm measuring properly
Haha, I'm young, don't worry!
When Shusaku was in the fourth grade,
Well! I'll work just as hard!
Humdrum...
I'm Suzu Houjo.
Welcome home.
Just the two of you?
Excuse me.
"Hiroshima Castle, Suzu Urano"
Suzu! Enough sleeping! Get up!
Then my in-laws apologized
They told me to relax for a couple of days.
Uh, if that's what you want, isn't that nice?
It's not as cold as harvesting seaweed.
You're getting a bald spot.
I'll go now, then.
You don't need it.
What?
Is that a ship?
born from the Orient's greatest shipyard.
That's right. Let's welcome them to Kure.
Suzu, stress will only make you lose more hair.
Can I borrow the ink brush? I want to paint Suzu's head.
and maybe I can buy some soy pulp.
- Yes. - Let's eat.
puts only Kyushu in danger for now.
Don't worry. I'll find a job and work.
Yes!
July 1944
Take everything into the shelter.
Good.
Wait, did Keiko's husband...
didn't get along with his family.
Is there anything suspicious regarding her background? Well?
It's so small, you won't be able to draw the shoreline.
We thought the war would hit home soon
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe...
Naganoki? The naval cemetery?
Yes.
I am. But how did you...?
Are you from Eba?
We were poor, so I always ate the rinds people left behind.
I met a kind person once though,
You shouldn't come back here.
Still some time, let's take a walk.
What?
I wanted to take you to the cinema, but...
A classmate of mine from elementary school
Dream?
I'm worried that you've lost weight.
I suppose I've lost my appetite lately.
I'll take her off your hands anytime!
What's so funny?
Suzu, come join me!
Feeling left behind, alive,
I asked him to sleep in the storeroom.
We have lots to talk about. Come.
Yes, I remember.
It caused a lot of trouble.
and sweet.
I understand.
You want to stay?
But when my brother died, I signed up to join the Navy.
Since childhood,
Was her guess.
There's no way Yoichi is dead.
But doesn't marriage mean more to you?
And yet you've never shown your angry face to me.
The big blue sky
No teacher will scold a well-behaved child like you.
Damn it, what am I thinking!
Hey!
We've come a long way from the Type 91500 horsepower engines.
It'll be big if you draw it bigger.
Now her 17-year-old is being drafted.
I'm tired of sirens.
May 5th morning -- Air raid. 125 large enemy aircraft attacked.
and Air Arsenal No. 11 was very limited.
But you'll be okay, Suzu.
I can't! That's impossible.
But I might forget your face after 3 months without you.
Sunday, May 6th
The house suddenly feels larger.
No wonder we couldn't find him.
I'll get the tickets. Can you take Harumi to Dad?
Over there?
I'm glad you're alive.
We're gonna ride the train and see my brother.
The Seto Inland Sea is no longer ours.
Don't strain yourself.
Is there anyone from Shinonome?
Suzu!
I'm glad you're feeling better.
I'm glad you're getting better.
I need to exercise. Let me walk you half-way.
It's near the scaffold by the river,
He's been giving me his meal tickets and other things.
You like him?
Ouch.
It's going to be a long day. Pack everything.
Tell me why, then!
Do as you please!
You'll need a referral as well.
Here, I've fixed your sister's kimono.
I can't see my children anymore.
You did what you were told.
Can you wash this, please?
Hey!
Now you're just gloating...
You can join us tomorrow.
My husband is going to Hiroshima soon.
I picked eucalyptus leaves to keep mosquitoes away.
Ah, this rubbish again...
So I gather them to use them as toilet paper.
They dropped those new bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
What are we doing? I can't see my beautiful white rice.
October 6th
They'll be landing soon. I'll be stationed in Ootake.
Everything's ready.
We're short on everything.
Well, that's true.
Harumi always laughed, so I'll laugh whenever I think of her.
Sorry.
I've been let go.
I'm glad I found a job in Hiroshima.
This child...
Hurry, we have to boil all of our clothes!
I wonder if Harumi's clothes would be too small.
Hey, stop gazing off into space!
Business is still busy.
"Thanks, Suzu Urano!"
Our parents will...
Thanks, our ancestors will appreciate it.
Come on.
My brother explained to me later.
That dusk, everything looked hazy but gentle.
Wait for your allowance.
Thank you dear.
You won't be able to go home until you finish drawing.
I hate the ocean.
If you want to draw, then draw this stupid ocean
Now I have to go home. And with a drawing like this,
December 1941
Yes?
They live on the far corner here.
See you when you come home to visit!
Now that she's here,
The honor is ours.
I'm counting on you, Suzu.
Naval ships are doing search light drills.
Remember, these two are always at it.
They'd go to the cinema, fancy restaurants, and exhibits.
Are you roasting beans?
No one will marry you if you don't do it right.
Just the two of you?
Suzu. Why don't you go home to Hiroshima?
What?
I'm so tired.
Oh, to visit my family!
How about you? Do you like Kure?
Maybe I did just tell you a Navy secret!
What?
I wanna use it.
Picking herbs?
It might've traveled far.
About 2,700 people.
They cook for 2,700 people on that boat every day?
I'm sorry. Are you all right?
Suzu, stress will only make you lose more hair.
You'll stain everything black.
Soon, Keiko left and went back to her late husband's family,
to enjoy meals like that.
There's nothing on the radio. Is Shusaku off to work already?
No need to run to the mountains yet.
Thank you.
Thank you for helping us.
The pillars and tatami mats from Keiko's house were a godsend.
Can I have some of this dirt for our field?
Yes. I'm looking at ships.
I see two Yamato ships.
That's the Tone. She has no rear turrets.
That's a motor launch.
It's an anvil cloud.
Keiko...
Wait, did Keiko's husband...
Does this girl live here?
It's so small, you won't be able to draw the shoreline.
Which only made it funnier.
Me too...
I wonder where they're going...
Eat up!
Wha...?
Isn't it over there?
Watermelon?
Go straight and turn right when you pass the post office.
Are you also from South Hiroshima? Near the ocean?
We were poor, so I always ate the rinds people left behind.
Mint candy and bracken dumpling!
You'll get lost again.
I wanted to take you to the cinema, but...
We'll go another time.
Dream?
but you're so kind to me. And I've made friends.
Here. Eat for two people!
Aye, sir. Slow ahead. Reduce 2 knots.
We bumped into each other at the well.
This is delicious!
Good night.
We have lots to talk about. Come.
Okay.
It looked like a heron, but I saw it in the South.
Well...
Suzu, you are so soft,
You want to stay?
You're beautiful.
They sent us a single rock instead of his bones.
Was her guess.
I wanted to thank you.
I forced you to marry me.
I'm showing it to you now.
Oh, so now you're mad?
Like wallpaper, going on forever.
Really? School isn't scary?
I didn't know anyone here at first,
Can you hear that?
Air raid alert! Ready air raid gear!
Survival kits...
Air raid alarm all clear.
- Not home... yet. - I see.
I'll go to Navy training and won't be back for 3 months.
Push comes to shove, use your bamboo spear!
You have to stay quiet okay?
I'm scared.
Did we miss the train?
Dud bombs may actually have delayed fuses.
Evacuate now!
I held Harumi with my right hand.
You killed her!
Not again.
Anyone suffering hardship...
My house burned down.
Eat one while it's still warm.
You're hurt.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
Your sister is here!
The army officer gave me a lift on the relief truck.
These are loquats from Mt. Eba.
or did that burn down, too?
He remembered that I have a sister who moved to Kure.
Ouch.
Why, that's so improper!
I'm kidding! See you again!
Thanks, Sumi.
It's going to be a long day. Pack everything.
You don't feel the same? Am I still a stranger to you?
Nine days later
Air raid warning lifted.
Great timing.
I'm sorry.
They're all I could scrap together.
My shop was destroyed.
You're welcome to stay here or go anywhere you choose.
Yes, now let me go. It's too hot for that!
Come over here and look.
What is that cloud?
Yes, but I've never made sandals.
That flash melted the roads so shoes are no good.
Suzu, your family...
Thank you. Stay strong, okay?
I will. Their names are, Juro, Kiseno and Sumi Urano.
I suppose.
time and fate that
Why?
They said we would fight to the end!
If only I could stay distracted and oblivious until I die.
So let's enjoy white rice tonight.
We only have rice.
to keep order in times like this.
I remember that time, yes.
Everything's ready.
Yes!
With that hair style, they thought you were a child.
From now on, this body will be here to smile.
It's a waste of salt.
Grandma! Auntie! Chizuko!
Suzu!
The Navy was disbanded at the end of November.
- Oh... - Let it be.
Me, too.
I'll start the fire.
I wonder if Harumi's clothes would be too small.
Suzu,
What?!
We...
Oh, my. What a lovely young lady you are.
Would you like some more?
'Kay. Then do you think...
Suzu, put it lower. The wind could blow it away.
Impressive as always, Urano.So wrong but what to do... I'd be annoyed seeing "Suzu" when it's clearly not in the dialogue
I can't hate the ocean anymore.
My.
We'll have lunch when you're ready.
That's far!
I just got a call.keyframe
Thank you.
You must answer, Please do.
B-But why?
Oh, gosh!
Oh, him? He's an odd one, you see.
I'm Kobayashi, Shusaku's aunt.
We've climbed so high up!
Suzu, no!Hey, Suzu! Oy Suzu!
I will.
This one and this one
There you go again!Official: Stop that!
What is?
It's awful chilly in here.
We thought those times were tough.
Oh, hello.
How's it boring? Isn't rice a real luxury these days?Alt: 'Isn't rice a preciousscarce commodity these days?'; 'Isn't rice so hard to come by these days?'
Also, that rice isn't a gift.
Uh, so at the waist...
Put them together... and sew.
I'll go instead.
I'm coming.
Excuse me, Shusaku?
That's quite a pile.
Oh, to visit family!Different conversation
Suzu might've written down the wrong address too.
I will.
Come on, I wanna use it.Alt: Come on, let me use it.
Leave her be. She's still just a child.girl
You don't need an ink brush.
Aw...
ls Shusaku off to work already?
Well, I don't think we need to worry about that here.
Things are getting rough.Official: Things are getting more precarious.
He...?
Has she sent coded transmissions?
Oh, Shusaku, it's just that
W-What's wrong?
The price is only gonna go up from now on.Alt: If ya don't buy now, it's only gonna be more expensive for ya.
Hmm, Naganoki? The naval cemetery?
Even though you're grown up?
Where did you come from?
Wait here.
Yeah, from Kusatsu.
But anyway, you sure can draw.
Um...arguably could join this with previous
Sorry, I have to go.
Huh?
Talking about desserts for the first time in ages, somehow makes even water taste sweet.Alt: 'All this talk about desserts has made even this water taste sweet.' I like this but it isn't quite what she's saying, she is talking in general, not just "this water" or in this instance. I guess it's still acceptable, though. The simple, official version: 'Thinking about desserts makes water taste sweet.'
You've got a phone call.
We've still got time. Let's take a walk.
Suzu?
Waking up now wouldn't be any fun.
Isn't Aoba a Class A cruiser?
Hup.Alt's: Up I get; Easy does it.
It's nothing special.
Here.
Thank you.
That was quite a sight. I never knew you had that sharp a tongue.
Here. I tossed some coals in the bed warmer. Take it to him.Official: I've readied the bed warmer. Take it to him.
Here. A souvenir for ya.Official: Here. This is for you.
Gonna cut it into a pen?
love him, don't you?Official: You love him.
They were just ordinary choices,
That's why...
Is this Yoichi's brain?
I'm the one who forced you to marry me.
Hey, you two, do you really need to fight right now?
Don't worry. No teacher will scold a well-behaved child like you.since it's not a proper noun 'teacher' is best
but now I'm the best of friends with everyone!
So, what about the enemies horsepower?
Father?
Air raid all clear!
I was so scared.Alt: You nearly gave meI nearly had a heart attack.
Put out all fires!
Put out the fire!More literally: 'Put out the fire. Check.'
Ouch!
W-Whose cat is that?!Alt: Where'd this cat come from?!
What is it?
You're father's okay. I'm sure of it.Official: Your father will come home safely.
From the 15th, I'll be a Chief Petty Officer.
Well, I'm off.
He's injured around his head and stomach,
Huh?
Where my brother is?
I'll get ready.
Can I come?
We are all...
You idiot! I'm not scared of ex-in-laws!Line 1:08:25, 1:03:14, 15:17
Hey Suzu, can we go that way?MTBB: Suzu, can we look over thataway?
Huh?Normally wouldn't go with such a short line but it's better than omitting or as a single line with previous
Suzu, what are you doing?
Keiko, do you...
Not rayon?
You sure you're okay?
That's near the turret by the river.
I'm kidding! I'm kidding!
going home to Hiroshima.
I loved walking with you and listening to you talk.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear anything!Add: "here!"
I'm going home to Hiroshima!
Yes. I was going to go home last weekend,
You'll never make it, anyway.
But my choices have led me here.
Come over here and look at this!
Are you gloating?
My hair's no longer in the way. So take me, please.This is the official trnaslation. It translates the idea and sounds more natural than the more literal alt: Now no one needs to worry abouttake timewaste time tying up my hair. Take me, please.
But...
His face and clothes had melted.
You had me worried. You dummy.
I missed all of them.
I remember that time, yes.
No idea, but I'll take anything right now since we're short on everything.
This city sure has changed.Alt: But talk about a changed city. MTBB: Look at this city now.
No flavor to be found up here.
Thank heavens for the salty seas!
We can't go back in time.Link?
But I'll always be able to spot you, Suzu.
I'm worried about Hiroshima, but Kure is the town I've chosen to belong to.
Oh?
Ain't you the polite one! No need, no need.
Suzu,
what's that thing?
He lent me his telescope and told me to find my way.
What?!
'Kay.
So cold!
I wish I could draw like you, Suzu.
You shouldn't have bothered.
Really?
Where did you come from, Grandma?
I just got a call.keyframe
Kure?
Because you must.
Hurry on home.
Your ma was so shocked
I thought you were the suitor!
She's much prettier than I am.
It's this way.
A nice sailor showed us the way before, but...
Oh, hello.
I'm glad the weather is nice.
We've climbed so high up!
See you when you come home to visit!
I'll see you around.
You didn't eat at the wedding.
I just swallowed the entire fruit.
Oh, that's Keiko's dress from when she was younger.
She wore that on her dates with her husband.
She was a real modern lady, wasn't she?
Oh, hello.
Welcome back, Keiko.
I was expecting you to be one of those sophisticated city girls from Hiroshima.
Not again! Another mistake.Alt: There you go again! That's all wrong. See lines 1:26:08 keyframe
Put in a waistband and...
Let's try it!Alt: All right!; That's it!
I'm coming.
Suzu, why don't you go home to Hiroshima?
That's quite a pile.
Oh my!
Uh, I don't know yet. There's so much to learn.
Good night!Let's go to sleep already
Suzu?
I'll go now, then.
All the dandelions here are white, aren't they?
Those little ones are destroyers.
That's right. Let's welcome them to Kure, Suzu.
Uh, Suzu...
Yes.
I said no! You'll stain everything black.
That's terrible.
Yeah, Big Brother taught me.What to do???
Oh, there's a small one headed this way.
He...?
Yeah.
Hisao is the heir of the Kuromura family.
And that's Tone.
I'm home.
What's going on? The laundry is still outside.
I'm okay.
Watermelon?
Caramel?
Well then, let's go.
Just say hi like you normally would.
Dream?
I'm just happy to be who I am today.MTBB: It'd be nice if the me I am now gets to be the real me.
Stuff from the past and the paths we didn't choose to walk.
Hello?Alt: Oh?
We bumped into each other at the well.
Hup.Alt's: Up I get; Easy does it.
really gets under my skin.Dub: is frustrating.
Really?
Oh, it works, it works.
You haven't drawn in a while?
But I...
You sure you don't want me to take you back home?Official: 'Do you want to stay?' What's wrong with the more literal version?
No...
He'd be the same age as my late brother.
Huh?
...and was all puzzled about it.
Makes me wonder what he was like.
Why'd you have to wear the socks with holes today?!
You've got others!
Even my mommy?
Ouch!
Father?
Air raid all clear!
Put out all fires!
Ready air raid gear! attire
Survival kits...
W-Whose cat is that?!Alt: Where'd this cat come from?!
I can't show you. It's top secret!
Take care.
This way?
Sorry to worry you.Dub. Official: I'm sorry I got you worried.
The Hiro Naval Arsenal was closed down,
That's right. Backed into a corner, she went out with her guns blazing.
Really? Is it really?
So that's why Keiko was...Was italicised, but Suzu being a bit of airhead was clearing thinking out loud even if Harumi was right there
We can't see anything.
Suzu, I'm scared.
Look.
Are you all right?
Yes!Official: "We're fine!" I'm going with she can't quite hear them properly so a standard Yes works.
That it did. Don't you worry.
There's so many of them, but I can't see a single one.
My house burned down.
Mind if I use these?
I'm just glad that you're alive.
Your sister is here!little sister
Not rayon?
Hey Suzu, why don't you come home to Hiroshima?
It'd be great if you came.
It's going to be a long day. Pack everything.
Suzu, come on!
Over the mountain, to Hiroshima!
I can't hear you! I can't hear you!
but I couldn't get an appointment until today.
But my choices have led me here.
Keiko, did you see that flash?
Um, now that I think about it,
I doubt anyone around here has.
Are you gloating?
I said no!
Silly girl. I'll trim your hair when we get home.Alt: Being silly again...
Suzu, I'm sure your family...
He died sitting here?keyframe
Thank you.
Please let me stay.
I'm really sorry.
The Soviets joined the war, so we couldn't possibly win.
I suppose it's the legal office's job to maintain order in times like this.Ministry's job?
Everyone's well prepared.
Yes!
Oh, Keiko!
The dead soldier found next to the settlement house was my son.
Oh, my regret knows no bounds.
Yoichi's troop transport gets shipwrecked...
I wonder if Harumi's clothes would be too small.
Suzu-chan,
Hey, mister.
Too bad he'll miss out on his supper.
Thanks, Urano Suzu!
'Kay.
Oh, Mom, can you give me two sen?
You're cold!
You may leave when you hand your art in.Alt more literal: You may leave after you've handed yours in.
What?
You've gotten quite good.
That's far!
Nineteen. Well, actually, eighteen.
Never met him.
Oh, Kobayashi-san.
Suzu-chan.
I'll see you then!
I'll see you around.
Father, Mother, it's an honor to be part of your family.
The navy's doing searchlight drills.
Sure.
Yes?
You didn't eat at the wedding.
Ho-u-jo.
We're off.
I'm just measuring it.
I must point out that the probability is extremely high.Could add: the probability of air raids... Not in the JP but implied. This is kind of cutting into his speech midway so he was probably talking about air raids just prior.
This is...
When Shusaku was in the fourth grade,
So I stay quiet.
Not again! Another mistake.Alt: There you go again! That's all wrong. See lines 1:26:08 keyframe
You'll never get married if you can't do it right.
Excuse me, Shusaku?
Um, Onee-san...
That's quite a pile.
I did.Alt: Me? Yes, I did.
Do you like Kure?
What? You're leaving, too?
Lend me the ink brush. Please!end is cut off but this is looks better since it's quiet background dialogue
What?
Maybe it's the Hiyo and the Junyo.
Those little ones are destroyers.
Is that a ship?
Please, let me borrow the ink brush?
Oh...
Things are getting rough.Official: Things are getting more precarious.
Yeah?
She has no rear turrets.
I'm amazed. You know so much.
What?
It's nice that you get along.
Keiko...
I'm home.
can you draw me sometime?
So we couldn't laugh or smile.MTBB: ...and try not to laugh.
Oh, Dad's home! Let's tell him, too!
Huh?! That's fifty times the ration price!
Wait here.
Are you also from South Hiroshima?
Oh!
You've got a phone call.
Dream?
I'm just happy to be who I am today.MTBB: It'd be nice if the me I am now gets to be the real me.
Stuff from the past and the paths we didn't choose to walk.
This is heaven.
I'm gonna be a sailor when I grow up.
And then you might want to have a nice, long chat.
You may never see him again.Official: It may be the last time you see him.
I'm sorry about the room.
Our teacher entered it into a contest.
Suzu, you're awful warm.keyframe. Snapping actually looks worse here even though it doesn't stop short of the dialogue.
Mizuhara-san...
You coming for me...
But I...
You really are just a ordinary girl.normal
I'm sorry.
...and was all puzzled about it.
Oh yeah?
And now her 17-year-old is being drafted.
Ready air raid gear! attire
Nothing.
What?
I'll get ready.
We are all...
Aw...
Well, you seemed out of sorts, so I thought for sure.looked down; lacked energy
Farther than Hiroshima?
I hear it's June already.
Huh?
Suzu-san, I'm scared.
That's Mommy.
Uh-huh. And who's this?
Excuse me. Can we have some water?
Did we miss the train?
Okay.I guess
Yes!Official: "We're fine!" I'm going with she can't quite hear them properly so a standard Yes works.
I'm so sorry, Onee-san.
Stop, Keiko.
Oh no, not again.
This house made it through, huh?
Water! We need more water!
I'm beat. It's so, so hot.
I see.
Your sister is here!little sister
He even remembered that I have an older sister who got married and moved to Kure.MTBB: 'I was able to come today because he remembered that I have a sister who moved to Kure.' I guess the first part here is implied but it's not in JP dialogue itself. Deviates too much from the JP for me.
It's so sad that Kure keeps being targeted.More literally: It's so sad that Kure has been bombed so many times.
I'm kidding! I'm kidding!
going home to Hiroshima.
Not like you could buy train tickets, anyway.keyframe
Are you gloating?
My husband has business in Hiroshima soon.
He walked all the way from Hiroshima.
Scrounging up whatever we can to survive. That's our battle.
So, this means...
We lost the war?
Not to worry.
Not home yet.
I remember that time, yes.
Everyone's well prepared.
Suzu-chan!
Oh, no.
Sorry...
We can't go back in time.Link?
No, I don't mind the commute.
And in the center is Mt. Haigamine.
That's where our home is.More literally: "Our home's on the foothills of that mountain." Obviously doesn't sound natural
I'll start the fire.for the bath
Where are you off to?
Are you, now?
Suzu,
And I gotta ride the train back home with my dad.
Would you like some more?
Hey, you too, Sumi.
You may leave when you hand your art in.Alt more literal: You may leave after you've handed yours in.
Take it.
The rabbits are hoppin about today.keyframe
You can draw for me if that's your fancy.
The white waves look like rabbits hopping.
No thanks.
All the guys say you should run when you see your brother.Official: Everyone says, Run when you see Urano's brother.
Morita's girl! There's better pickings over here.Morita Ito Suzu's grandmother
That's far!
Really?
Right.
On your wedding night, he'll ask, Did you bring an umbrella?
B-But why?
I thought you were the suitor!
I wouldn't say that.
Please close the blinds facing the ocean.From now
Yeah...
The Naval artillery must be doing drills.coastal artillery
I'm glad the weather is nice.
You do know your husband-to-be's last name, right?
We've climbed so high up!
They're here!
Simple is best for my daughter.
I have a bad leg,
so I'm counting on you, Suzu.
Sorry you have to do that.
With my mouth.
We have. Don't you remember?keyframe
are always going at it.
What brings you home, Keiko?
Mom, listen to this!
Oops.Realising she needs to collect the daily food rations
Thanks to you, I was able to fix my kimono.
What?
Come on, Suzu! Wake up already.
Yes.
I did.Alt: Me? Yes, I did.
Suzu might've written down the wrong address, too.
W-What is it?
What?
Come on, I wanna use it.Alt: Come on, let me use it.
Suzu?
Can I take care of the community notices?MTBB: Can I send the circular around now?
Oh, here's a yellow one.
It might've traveled far to get here.
Look.
About 2,700 people.
They cook for 2,700 people on that boat every day?
Yes.
Ah, I see.
Let's eat.
I'm sorry.
Oh...
Oh, thank you.
All right!
She's an aircraft cruiser.
I'm amazed. You know so much.
this Hisao here?lead in works ok since it's a connected sentence.
Keiko...
He was taken to Shimonoseki.
Is there anything suspicious regarding her background? Well?
I'm home.
The harder we held it in, the funnier it got!
Me too...
It's so hot...
I could also arrange for some homegrown rice, if you want.Different person speaking? The guy in the background, stopping at the door, in the previous shotanglescene
Near the ocean?
I am. But how did you...?
That was a long time ago.
Talking about desserts for the first time in ages, somehow makes even water taste sweet.Alt: 'All this talk about desserts has made even this water taste sweet.' I like this but it isn't quite what she's saying, she is talking in general, not just "this water" or in this instance. I guess it's still acceptable, though. The simple, official version: 'Thinking about desserts makes water taste sweet.'
D-Do I really look that funny?
Dream?
Changing my name and moving was hard for me.
Waking up now wouldn't be any fun.
I'm just happy to be who I am today.MTBB: It'd be nice if the me I am now gets to be the real me.
You ain't Urano no more.
really gets under my skin.Dub: is frustrating.
Oh?What?
And then you might want to have a nice, long chat.
Yeah, they were all over, back in Eba.
You coming for me...
You...Official: I get it.
Yep.
No...
Is this Yoichi's brain?
I'm the one who forced you to marry me.
Hey!
A unified determination and goal...
So, what about the enemies horsepower?
Put out all fires!
Put out the fire!More literally: 'Put out the fire. Check.'
I can't see anything.
Oops! Sorry!
Where's Dad?
What is it?
That's impossible!
Shusaku, I'll walk you halfway.
Your uniform looks so cool!
but he'll be discharged soon.
Farther than Hiroshima?
Evacuate! Run!
Look.
That's Mommy.
Aw, I can't see anything.
Are you all right?
We're glad that we got you back alive, at least.
Okay. Let's do it.
Oh, thank you.
Your sister is here!little sister
What a disaster, Suzu.
He even remembered that I have an older sister who got married and moved to Kure.MTBB: 'I was able to come today because he remembered that I have a sister who moved to Kure.' I guess the first part here is implied but it's not in JP dialogue itself. Deviates too much from the JP for me.
Oh please, Suzu!Stop that!
Over the mountain, to Hiroshima!
You're wrong!
I can't hear you! I can't hear you!
Do as you please!
Great timing.
That's the spot.
Excuse me, um...
Thank you very much.
Hey!
Chita, you're a nurse, aren't you?
I doubt anyone around here has.
Is this how you do it?
The wounded must stay.
I can hardly look at the poor girl in the eye. I feel so bad.so sorry
Please use it as a mosquito repellent.Alt: Please use it to keep the mosquitoes away.
Sorry!
The Soviets joined the war, so we couldn't possibly win.
There's five of us still here!
I've still have my left arm and both my legs!left hand. MTBB: I've still got one working arm and two working legs!
Harumi.
It's so quiet.
This city sure has changed.Alt: But talk about a changed city. MTBB: Look at this city now.
Oh, goodness me.Alt: Oh, if it isn't...
I'm just a little dizzy.
Yoichi's troop transport gets shipwrecked...
You will. It just wouldn't be right if you didn't.
Sachiko?
Where are you off to?
It is usually my brother's job, but he has a cold.
So... I must fulfill... his...
He lent me his telescope and told me to find my way.
Then I fell into his basket and met a boy there.
Ouch!
When night falls, he goes right to sleep.
Thanks, Urano Suzu!
You're such a sweet child, Suzu.
It's freezing!
Oh.
I won't draw it.
He's got plenty more.
Where did you come from, Grandma?
Suzu, you need to go straight home!
A boy's come all the way from Kure looking for your hand in marriage.
Then he will ask, Can I open it?
We lost the seaweed business to land reclamation three years ago.
Thank you.
Oh, him? He's an odd one, you see.
Yeah...
The Naval artillery must be doing drills.coastal artillery
Thank you for having us today, Mrs. Kobayashi.
I'm glad the weather is nice.
I'll be your matchmaker for today.
You do know your husband-to-be's last name, right?
Here we are.
Suzu.
My beautiful kimono is all covered up.
This is quite the feast!
Yes?
What might be the street name and number of this house?More literal since the dub does the same. Even more literally: 'What is the block and number of this place in Kure?' Official sub: What might be the address of this house?
Have a nice day.keyframe
Rationing duty?
There you go again!Official: Stop that!
You're eyeballing it!
What is?
Oh, that's Keiko's dress from when she was younger.
It goes in the storage.
We thought those times were tough.
So I stay quiet.
You'll never get married if you can't do it right.
Put them together... and sew.
Can I have some string, Suzu?
I'm coming.
Keiko, Harumi, you're here.
Just the two of you?
Um, Keiko...
Suzu, why don't you go home to Hiroshima?
He's stationed far away.
How's the volunteer corps?
I think I might've just unearthed a Navy secret.Referring to Suzu's bald spot.
Suzu?
Leave her be. She's still just a child.girl
Lend me the ink brush. Please!
I see.
Look.
About 2,700 people.
You know, Suzu, stressing over your bald spot will only make you lose more hair.
It's so quiet without Keiko.
Let's eat.
If you need firewood, I have plenty.
Oh no.
Shusaku, did you place this here?
Sure, take it.
She's an aircraft cruiser.
I can do it. I can do it.
Yeah.
Good.
We can go back in the house, now that it's only drizzling.
Keiko...
We had to appear apologetic to those MPs.Official: 'We couldn't be rude to the MPs.' MTBB: 'We had to lower our eyes in front of the officers...'
I wonder where they're going.
I could also arrange for some homegrown rice, if you want.Different person speaking? The guy in the background, stopping at the door, in the previous shotanglescene
Caramel?
Where did you come from?
and I finally ate the red flesh.
Don't.
You're pale as a ghost. Are you okay?
Dream?
Waking up now wouldn't be any fun.
Stuff from the past and the paths we didn't choose to walk.
Isn't Aoba a Class A cruiser?
Mind your manners, Harumi.
So you're here to take a bath?
Back home, she weren't good for much but drawing and making seaweed.
You know, Shusaku, getting left behind by those who've died...Alt: lagging behind all those who've already bitten the dustbullet... Official: Feeling left behind, alive, while others have already died...
Okay.
Here. A souvenir for ya.Official: Here. This is for you.
What?
Everyone loved that painting, and I didn't know what to do.
It feels like I've been waiting for this day forever.
Yep.
No...
And when my brother died, I signed up to join the Navy.
That's why...
I wanted to thank you for the other day.
Why'd you have to wear the socks with holes today?!
I know you worked all night and it's been warm,sunny
It'll be big if you just draw it bigger.
Put out the fire!More literally: 'Put out the fire. Check.'
I'm tired of sirens.
You're small even when you stand.
It's wrapped up there.
I think so.
But you'll be okay, Suzu.
but you can protect this house all on your own.
That's impossible!
Suzu...
Because if I didn't, I don't know if I could ever find you.
Oh!Huh?
Your uniform looks so cool!
The hands of girls
Well, you seemed out of sorts, so I thought for sure.looked down; lacked energy
Sorry to worry you.Dub. Official: I'm sorry I got you worried.
I've been unconscious.
Oh, no. What should we do? No time to make it back home.Translating the idea
Oh dear, so they're really coming this time.
Thank you very much.
How could you let this happen?
Murderer.
Stop, Keiko.
This house made it through, huh?
Yes. Go ahead.
Oh, thank you.
These are loquats from up on Mt. Eba.
Let me walk you halfway.
He even remembered that I have an older sister who got married and moved to Kure.MTBB: 'I was able to come today because he remembered that I have a sister who moved to Kure.' I guess the first part here is implied but it's not in JP dialogue itself. Deviates too much from the JP for me.
It'd be great if you came.
The air raids?The air raids are too scary?
I can't hear you.
I can't hear anything!Add: "here!"
That's the spot.
You'll never make it, anyway.
I did!
Could it be lightning in this weather?
Can I come too?
Then you can join us tomorrow.
Oh no.
Suzu, I'm sure your family...
Thank you.
Look, it's a glorious white!
Go back home quickly.
Didn't you hear?
So he builds a house with palm leaves on an island.
A crocodile for a bride, you say?
Will I get better?
Suzu.
Leave it.
Hey!
Hello?
Suzu-chan,
Wow! I can see so clearly.
We...
You're such a sweet child, Suzu-chan.
Suzu, put it lower. The wind could blow it away.
Sumi-chan, let's trade pencils.
Best be sure not to lose this one, too.
You may leave when you hand your art in.Alt more literal: You may leave after you've handed yours in.
My folks quit workin with seaweed and picked up drinking instead.
Take it.
I can't hate the ocean anymore.
We'll have lunch when you're ready.
You're staying near, Sumi-neechan.
Really?
I came from Furue.
A boy's come all the way from Kure looking for your hand in marriage.
Kure?
Suzu-chan, come here a minute.
What? Mizuhara-san?Makes more sense that this is spoken out loud.
Never met him.
You do know your husband-to-be's last name, right?
The honor is ours.keyframe
Sure.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
What's wrong? Is yours not ripe?
Um, have we met before?
Ho-u-jo.
What might be the street name and number of this house?More literal since the dub does the same. Even more literally: 'What is the block and number of this place in Kure?' Official sub: What might be the address of this house?
This one and this one
No I'm not.
It's gonna fall!
Scoot closer, will you?
Oh, that's Keiko's dress from when she was younger.
They'd go to the cinema, fancy restaurants and exhibits.
Are you roasting beans?
Ah, I see.
I'm done!
Welcome home, dad.
Um, Onee-san...
Thanks to you, I was able to fix my kimono.
What?
And he doesn't write much.
You're getting a bald spot.
Please, I wanna use it.Alt: Come on, let me use it.
Leave her be. She's still just a child.girl
I was wondering why you were so gloomy of late.
No, I'm not.
They're big.
Look, some white-eyes are flying about.
Shusaku-san, what is that?
Two thousand...
I said no! You'll stain everything black.
You did, eh?
We have lots of rice today.
I've never seen rice cooked this way.
Thank you for helping us.
All right!
Okay, let's clean up out here.
She's an aircraft cruiser.
I see.
We can go back in the house, now that it's only drizzling.
When my father was rehired by the Navy Arsenal,
She may look innocent, but who knows what nefarious plots she's scheming!
Does she have a random number table?
Sugar's so scarce right now!
W-What's wrong?She's making toilet paper I think.
Oops, I'm sorry.
It's okay.keyframe
Kusatsu!
Mint candy.
You eat it with something that's a bit like a crispy rice cracker.More literally: you scoop it up and eat it with...
Shusaku-san, I've brought your notebook.
Oh, Suzu-san?
Didn't you tell me that you enjoyed going out to shop in the city?
Huh? What's the matter? Don't tell me you really aren't feeling well.
Just say hi like you normally would.
Waking up now wouldn't be any fun.
Hey! Suzu, wanna join me?
What do you say?
I'm sorry, but I can't let you sleep under this roof.keyframe
Oh?What?
Oh, it's no use.
Wait, don't tell me...Literally: possibly; could it be
Oh, that.Official: 'Yes, I remember.' Translates the idea, arguably better but nothing wrong or unnatural about the literal rendering
Mizuhara-san...
I'm relieved to see that you haven't changed a bit.that you're normal
But why did they send us a single rock instead of his bones.
I'm the one who forced you to marry me.
I'm showing it to you now!
but how could you fall asleep in the middle of a bombing?literally: air raid. Bombing does sound more natural here
You're small even when you stand.
You're small. That's all.
From the 15th, I'll be a Chief Petty Officer.
Because if I didn't, I don't know if I could ever find you.
The house suddenly feels so much bigger.
He's injured around his head and stomach,
I'll get ready.
The hands of girls
We are all...
Aw...
Well, you seemed out of sorts, so I thought for sure.looked down; lacked energy
Yep.Alt: That's right.
Sorry to worry you.Dub. Official: I'm sorry I got you worried.
I'm just glad you're alive.
I want to see what ships are here so I can tell Onii-san.my brother
Me.
We came from Naganoki to visit the hospital.
It's coming! Cover your ears and open your mouth or else your eyes will pop out!
Thank you very much.
Hey Suzu-san?
Will you draw my brother sometime?She does literally say 'Harumi's Onii-san' which is closer to 'my brother' than just Onii-san.
Watch out, Harumi-chan!
You killed her!
Stop, Keiko.
This house made it through, huh?
Suzu-san, what are you doing?
Easy does it.Alt: Hup
Oh, here. Eat up while it's still warm.
Hey! Anyone here from Shinonome?
He's young but very kind.
Ow, that's hot!
The air raids?The air raids are too scary?
Tell me why, then!
Suzu-san, I really enjoyed these 18 months we spent together.year and a half
You don't feel the same?
I can't hear you.
Excuse me, um...
Yes. I was going to go home last weekend,
I can't see my children anymore.
You were brought here to marry into a family you didn't know.Alt: into a family as an outsider; into a family you knew nothing about.
The other stations?
Are you gloating?
My hair's no longer in the way. So take me, please.This is the official trnaslation. It translates the idea and sounds more natural than the more literal alt: Now no one needs to worry abouttake timewaste time tying up my hair. Take me, please.
But we couldn't tell who he was.
Forever.
I thought we were fighting to the last man!Official: They said we would fight to the end!
Goodbye.
I'll be back! I'll come home to you, got it?
I gave the Americans directions, and they gave me chocolate.
It's all right.
That's right. It'd be a waste to cry all the time.
Thank heavens for the salty seas!
I can't help with work outside on this day of bitter cold.
Oh, if only I had my hand, I'd draw My Ogre Brother's Adventures in the South Seas.
Dad and I looked everywhere but we couldn't find her.
He was cremated along with others at school.
I'm glad you didn't.
You will. It just wouldn't be right if you didn't.
No.
Suzu-san.
To the left is Mt. Hachimaki.
A monster.
Thanks, Urano Suzu!
What? How do you know my name?
Oh, Mom, can you give me two sen?
No.
Oh.
Impressive as always, Urano.
Don't want to.
No thanks.
All the guys say you should run when you see your brother.Official: Everyone says, Run when you see Urano's brother.
I'm ready!
I came from Furue.
Says Urano Sumi, as she shifts her grip on her chopsticks.
Suzu-chan, you need to go straight home!
I just got a call.keyframe
The guy ain't someone you know?
But, uh, it wasn't easy to find your house.
We lost the seaweed business to land reclamation three years ago.
My apologies for such a simple wedding.
This is quite the feast!
Sure.
Here.link?
This one and this one
I'm just measuring it.
It's unfair.
It not unfair!
It's gonna fall!
Ouch...
I must point out that the probability is extremely high.Could add: the probability of air raids... Not in the JP but implied. This is kind of cutting into his speech midway so he was probably talking about air raids just prior.
Oh, that's Keiko's dress from when she was younger.
You'll never get married if you can't do it right.
Uh, so at the waist...
Let's try it!Alt: All right!; That's it!
Can I have some string, Suzu-san?
My pleasure.Alt: Not at all.
Our mother has a bad leg,
and we brought someone like you to a place you know nothing about.
That's right. Sumi, make sure you stitch them.That's right. Sumi...
Come on, Suzu! Wake up already.
Here, it's time for dinner.
Oh, to visit family!Different conversation
If that's what you want, then good for you.Different conversation. She was more thinking about travels soon being restricted as Suzu's dad mentioned 33:03 ?
I haven't heard from him, though.
Suzu might've written down the wrong address, too.
But it's not as cold as harvesting seaweed, so there are good things about it.
I think I might've just unearthed a Navy secret.Referring to Suzu's bald spot.
Suzu-san?
I'll go now, then.
Okay then, thank you for your time.
Yes. For tonight's supper.
What?
And that ship is a submarine tender.
Look, some white-eyes are flying about.
The world's greatest warship, born from the Orient's greatest shipyard.
Yes.
Oh, so Kariya-san taught you this recipe?
Yes.
They're tearing houses down, now.
They need to build firebreaks throughout the city.
Sure, take it.
Yep. I'm looking at ships.
Ahh! Shusaku-san!
It was Hi-bo.Alt: Hi-bo did.
He...?
We can go back in the house, now that it's only drizzling.
Um...
But Keiko, with her temper, didn't get along with his family.
When her husband died, they fought over the business.
He was taken to Shimonoseki.
As you'd expect, that was hard on her.
She may look innocent, but who knows what nefarious plots she's scheming!
It's pretty small, so you won't be able to draw the shoreline.
We had to appear apologetic to those MPs.Official: 'We couldn't be rude to the MPs.' MTBB: 'We had to lower our eyes in front of the officers...'
Oh no, no more sugar?double 'no' might not work...
Oops, I'm sorry.
Watermelon?
Yeah.
Naganoki.
From here, go straight and turn right when you pass the post office.
Most of us aren't locals, and we don't go beyond these gates.literally: won't leave Official: Most of us aren't locals and we stay within these gates.
Yeah, from Kusatsu.
Sure, no problem!
Oh!
Huh?
Didn't you tell me that you enjoyed going out to shop in the city?
Suzu-san?
I'm just happy to be who I am today.MTBB: It'd be nice if the me I am now gets to be the real me.
You. You're so ordinary.normal
Upsy-daisy.
I'm sorry about the room.
Really?
There.
Oh, it's no use.
I can't quite get it right.Alt: I can't quite draw it like I want. MTBB: put it down on paper.
That painting of white rabbit waves...
and sweet.
love him, don't you?Official: You love him.
You sure you don't want me to take you back home?Official: 'Do you want to stay?' What's wrong with the more literal version?
Smile when you think of me.
Is this Yoichi's brain?Yoichi's
Makes me wonder what he was like.
I should've guessed Yoichi wouldn't die that easy.
You're going the wrong way again. It's this way!Could split but onscreen time wanting
Protect your head!
Father?
Not home... yet.
But you'll be okay, Suzu-san.
You're small and thin,
Where my brother is?Onii-san
The hands of girls
can also work for our country.
Which means
So that's why she was...Was italicised, but Suzu being a bit of airhead was clearing thinking out loud even if Harumi was right there
Oh dear, so they're really coming this time.
Uh-huh. And who's this?
You aren't from around here, are you?
Aw, I can't see anything.
How could you let this happen?
It's time for the tofu rationing.
She didn't mean what she said.
We're glad that we got you back alive, at least.
Well, if it gets too tiring at work, I'll just take a break there.
Hurry!
Be careful.
Suzu-san!
Your training?
Sumi-chan, I'm surprised you could make it.
Let me walk you halfway.
Or did that burn down, too?
He's young but very kind.
It's so sad that Kure keeps being targeted.More literally: It's so sad that Kure has been bombed so many times.
Thanks, Sumi-chan.
going home to Hiroshima.
Okay, we're off.Alt: Okay then
My word. What a hot morning.
Huh?
With the doctor.
Here.
Oh, right. I guess this isn't going in our wash.
They'll probably have to write you a referral to somewhere in Hiroshima, too.
I added elastic straps so you can put it on yourself.
Thank you very much.
I did!
Cloud?
I doubt anyone around here has.
So what're you going to do with all these sandals?
He walked all the way from Hiroshima.
His face and clothes had melted.
Please use it as a mosquito repellent.Alt: Please use it to keep the mosquitoes away.
Ah, this rubbish again.Idea translation. Literally: so loud
Sorry!
They're just going to burn them, anyway.
We lost the war?
They dropped those new bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
But not all of it.
Where's Shusaku?
I suppose it's the legal office's job to maintain order in times like this.Ministry's job?
It's just the leftovers of the occupation army.
Oh, no.
Our brother's troop transport gets shipwrecked...Onii-chan
A crocodile for a bride, you say?
I wish he could come back to Eba.Yoichi
Suzu-chan, look at me.
We can't go back in time.Link?
Leave it.
Hey!
After my errands, I'm buying treats for my brother and sister.
A monster.
He's a kidnapper and we're being kidnapped.
You'll see soon enough.
Thanks, Suzu Urano!
Come on. The tide is pulling out.keyframe
Swim back and get it right now!
Best be sure not to lose this one, too.
My folks quit workin with seaweed and picked up drinking instead.
Urano, give me your hand.
What? But...
The sea was like this back at New Year's, when the ferry capsized.
Mizuhara, what did you mean earlier?
Oh...
You shouldn't have bothered.
And with a drawing like this,
Says Sumi Urano, as she shifts her grip on her chopsticks.
Kure?
Suzu, come here a minute.
Your ma was so shocked
Maybe he has me confused with Sumi.
That charcoal bus couldn't climb this hill, could it?
They live on the very corner.
They're here!
See you when you come home to visit!
I'll see you around.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
are always going at it.
She wore that on her dates with her husband.
I'm home.
Mommy is mad about everything lately.
It's for me and my daughter, okay?!
What is it, dear?
What should we do for soup?
Our mother has a bad leg,
What? You're leaving, too?
Come on, I wanna use it.Alt: Come on, let me use it.
Leave her be. She's still just a child.girl
Are they different in Eba?
What?
Are you hurt?
You did, eh?
Let's eat.
I'm sorry.
That's for sure.
They need to build firebreaks throughout the city.
Oh, thank you.
All right!
Okay, let's clean up out here.
Shusaku, can I have some of this dirt for the fields?
Sure, take it.
Ah, there's a lot of ships today.
I see two Yamato ships.
You see that big cloud?
Okay.
It's nice that you get along.
They used to measure their heights together as one happy family.
Wait, was Keiko's husband...
But Keiko, with her temper, didn't get along with his family.
Does she have a random number table?
We had to appear apologetic to those MPs.Official: 'We couldn't be rude to the MPs.' MTBB: 'We had to lower our eyes in front of the officers...'
It's so hot...
Ouch.
Miss, no one will give me directions, and everyone smells real nice.Miss
Did you somehow forget your way home from shopping?
Well, let's go have a cold beer.
Huh? What about work?
Suzu, where's the lamp?
I asked him to sleep in the shed.
Here. I tossed some coals in the bed warmer. Take it to him.Official: I've readied the bed warmer. Take it to him.
Wait, don't tell me...Literally: possibly; could it be
Suzu, you're awful warm.keyframe. Snapping actually looks worse here even though it doesn't stop short of the dialogue.
Suzu, you're awful soft,
It feels like I've been waiting for this day forever.
But why did they send us a single rock instead of his bones.
Makes me wonder what he was like.
I'm showing it to you now!
I know.
So, what about the enemies horsepower...?I guess enemy is what a young child would say.
Put out all fires!
Remove sliding doors!
Suzu, it's boiling over.
You're small. That's all.
You're small and thin,
I can't show you. It's top secret!
Shusaku, I'll walk you halfway.
I thought he would've been admitted to a hospital nearby.
Where my brother is?
Can I come?
Don't worry.
Way farther.
Is this the enemy's music?keyframe
I hear it's June already.
Hmm, I wonder if we can see anything.
Are they really coming?
We've had so many false alarms.
Oh dear, so they're really coming this time.
You aren't from around here, are you?
Hang on.
I'm so sorry, Keiko.
Stop, Keiko.
This house made it through, huh?
Don't push yourself.Official: Don't strain yourself.
Be safe.keyframe
Are those flares?
Be careful.
Mind if I use these?
You're hurt.
Canceled.
Not rayon?
You sure you're okay?
I need to exercise.
He's young but very kind.
I suppose...
Thanks, Sumi.
It must've come from the waterfront.
My word. What a hot morning.
Oh, right. I guess this isn't going in our wash.
Sorry.Official: Whoops
The other stations?
The wounded must stay.
Mom!
He died sitting here?keyframe
Okay.
We'll never give in to violence.MTBB: We won't buckle under your savagery. Official: We'll never surrender to violence.
Oh, please come in.
Why?
There's five of us still here!
The dead soldier found next to the settlement house was my son.
From now on, this body will be here to smile.
Thank heavens for the salty seas!
Oh, goodness me.Alt: Oh, if it isn't...
Don't get up. Are you ill?
I can't help with work outside on this day of bitter cold.
What?
Sorry...
Yeah.
Hey!
So... I must fulfill... his...
Huh?
And I gotta ride the train back home with my dad.
if I leave my kimono, she'll come and take that too?
Suzu, put it lower. The wind could blow it away.
Oh, Mom, can you give me two sen?
Wait for your allowance.
You're cold!
You shouldn't have bothered.
My.
I came from Furue.
Nineteen. Well, actually, eighteen.
On your wedding night, he'll ask, Did you bring an umbrella?
We lost the seaweed business to land reclamation three years ago.
A nice sailor showed us the way before, but...
I'm sorry her brother couldn't come.
See you when you come home to visit!
I have a bad leg,
so I'm counting on you, Suzu-san.
Sorry you have to do that.
Um, have we met before?
Oh, of course!
Houjo-san!
What ways?
They'd go to the cinema, fancy restaurants and exhibits.
She was a real modern lady, wasn't she?
the disarmament peace treaty shut down warship production.
Oh, hello.
How's it boring? Isn't rice a real luxury these days?Alt: 'Isn't rice a preciousscarce commodity these days?'; 'Isn't rice so hard to come by these days?'
So I stay quiet.
Also, that rice isn't a gift.
What brings you home, Keiko?
Not again! Another mistake.Alt: There you go again! That's all wrong. See lines 1:26:08 keyframe
Uh, so at the waist...
I'm Kuromura Harumi.
Just the two of you?
Suzu-san, why don't you go home to Hiroshima?
That'd be for the best.
Then my in-laws apologized for not letting me come visit sooner.Alt: the in-laws
I did.Alt: Me? Yes, I did.
I think I just accidentally learned some Army secret!
Suzu-chan?
Leave her be. She's still just a child.girl
All the dandelions here are white, aren't they?
They're big.
Over there.
I can see.
Uh, Suzu-san...
But I'll do even better tomorrow.
All right! Let's eat.
Don't fall now.
You're welcome.
So I figured I might as well break ties with them.MTBB did good
Oh, so this is where you've been.
She has no rear turrets.
Okay.
I guess he was way too skinny.
Nee-chan went to buy a watch for him.The only good replacement for Nee-chan here is "Keiko".
After all, a daughter-in-law is still a stranger!
Suzu-san, since you love to draw,Alt more literal but unnatural: Suzu-san, since you're one of those people who loves to draw,
I wonder where they're going.
Watermelon?
You lost?
Wait here.
Near the ocean?
I am. But how did you...?
Oh, are you from Eba?
Kusatsu!
I met a kind person once,
Not heard of 'em?
Huh?
Oh!
That's...
We've still got time. Let's take a walk.
They're quite laid back.
That so?
Huh? What's the matter? Don't tell me you really aren't feeling well.
Suzu-san, you can't hit a sailor.
This is heaven.
Hey! Suzu, wanna join me?
Oh, I think it's in the shelter.MTBB: 'In the shelter, if I remember right.' It's ok but a bit unnatural
What do you say?
You may never see him again.Official: It may be the last time you see him.
Here. A souvenir for ya.
Yeah, they were all over, back in Eba.
Wait, don't tell me...Literally: possibly; could it be
That painting of white rabbit waves...
Our teacher entered it into a contest.
was actually you.
Mizuhara-san...
You coming for me...
I'm just so angry at him! It makes my blood boil!
No...
And when my brother died, I signed up to join the Navy.
Huh?
I should've guessed Yoichi wouldn't die that easy.
And yet you've never once shown me your angry face.
We strive to improve our skills.
So, what about the enemies horsepower?
I was so scared.Alt: You nearly gave meI nearly had a heart attack.
I'm home.
Thanks.
No wonder we couldn't find him.
We are all...
This sure isn't like you!Alt more literally: Why're you all timid? 'quiet' would work better if I went with this. Official: Don't worry.
You have to stay quiet, okay?
I hear it's June already.
Hey, what ship did you ride?
I've picked up bits and pieces of news, lying here.
and there are rumors that we'll be merged with the Army.Literally: there are rumors of the Navy being absorbedtaken over
That's right. Backed into a corner, she went out with her guns blazing.
That's Mommy.
It's coming! Cover your ears and open your mouth or else your eyes will pop out!
Sure! Thank you for your hard work!She can't really hear him
Oh no, not again.
I'm okay.
Water! We need more water!
Hey! Anyone here from Shinonome?
I see.
I'm just glad that you're alive.
The army officer showed it to me when I first arrived.
Huh?
Maybe I will if your officer friend turns out to be quite the handsome one.Alt more literally: It all depends on whether your officer friend is handsome or not.
Am I still a stranger to you?!
'Kay.
Don't look!
I can't see my children anymore.
Stop worrying and choose for yourself.
can you wash this, please?
The other stations?
Then you can join us tomorrow.
When we we're being bombed, Hiroshima helped us out,"While Kure was being bombed" is not natural for a local.
Oh no.
But...
He walked all the way from Hiroshima.
Ah, this rubbish again.Idea translation. Literally: so loud
I thought we were fighting to the last man!Official: They said we would fight to the end!
It's just the leftovers of the occupation army.
I couldn't recognize my own son.
Oh, goodness me.Alt: Oh, if it isn't...
Suzu-chan!
Oh, Suzu-chan! You cut your hair.
Oh, no.
I can't help with work outside on this day of bitter cold.
What would the story be about?
Our brother's troop transport gets shipwrecked...Onii-chan
What?
Dad and I looked everywhere but we couldn't find her.
I'm sorry I couldn't come sooner.
Suzu-chan, look at me.
Kiyoko-san! Aren't you Kiyoko-san?
And please, never leave, and always be by my side.
Leave it.
Kure?
Oh, dear.Is she reacting to her being sleepy or seeing all the lice? I can't really tell since her expression is much the same after the dad notices.
That's what he told me.
Wow! I can see so clearly.
I have to feed the chickens before it gets dark.
I have to go home before nightfall, or else.
We brought you watermelon.
Grandma!
if I leave my kimono, she'll come and take that, too?
What?! You left your kimono in Kusatsu?
I'm home.
Mizuhara-san, what did you mean earlier?
Huh?
Mizuhara-san, you can have my brother if you want.
Here you go.
My.
You've gotten quite good.
I am?
There's no adventure in marrying close to home.
Because you must.
I thought you were the suitor!
We've climbed so high up!
so I'm counting on you, Suzu-san.
Um, have we met before?
I also remember that beauty mark of yours.
We're off.
Houjo-san?
I'm just measuring it.
No I'm not.
What is?
Oops!
My, if it isn't Harumi-chan. Welcome, dear.
Mommy is mad about everything lately.
Are you sure? Thank you.Alt: You will?
Just the two of you?
Our mother has a bad leg,
Whew! I'm exhausted.
Come on, Suzu! Wake up already.
Oh, to visit family!Different conversation
Suzu might've written down the wrong address, too.
Oh my!
Uh, I don't know yet. There's so much to learn.
You're getting a bald spot.
What did you tell Harumi?
Picking herbs?
They're big.
There's a U-boat from Germany.
That's the Yamato.
Uh, Suzu-san...
You know, Suzu-san, stressing over your bald spot will only make you lose more hair.
I said no! You'll stain everything black.
But I'll do even better tomorrow.
All right! Let's eat.
We're off.
There's nothing on the radio.
No need to run to the mountains yet.
So I figured I might as well break ties with them.MTBB did good
Shusaku-san, can I have some of this dirt for the fields?
Oh, that's the Tone.
I'm amazed. You know so much.
Oh, thanks.
It was Hi-bo.Alt: Hi-bo did.
He...?
You'll meet him one day.
Um...
Isn't that nice? Two married couples getting along so well.Alt: getting along so splendidly.
He was taken to Shimonoseki.
As you'd expect, that was hard on her.
Her husband is a two-bit clerk at the navy court-martial office.
Does she have a random number table?
After all, a daughter-in-law is still a stranger!
I'm sorry, Harumi-san.
Oops, I'm sorry.
Naganoki.
Kusatsu!
Did you somehow forget your way home from shopping?
Waking up now wouldn't be any fun.
But I am a little worried that you've lost weight.
Wow, a real sailor!
Good night.
Oh, that.Official: 'Yes, I remember.' Translates the idea, arguably better but nothing wrong or unnatural about the literal rendering
Huh?
Mizuhara-san...
I'm just so angry at him! It makes my blood boil!
You...Official: I get it.
Our house is over there, toward Mt. Haigamine.
Even my mommy?
Hey!
Ouch!
She lost her husband in the war.
Remove sliding doors!
Ouch!
I'm tired of sirens.
From the 15th, I'll be a Chief Petty Officer.
No, with you, it's possible.you never know
Let me see. How handsome do I look?Alt: Did you make me handsome?
The house suddenly feels so much bigger.
I thought he would've been admitted to a hospital nearby.
I'll get ready.
Can we go see all the Navy ships?Literally: 'Can we go in the middle ofinside the Navy?' Navy shipyard or something like that. Navy ships works better for a 5 yr old
Is Shimonoseki far?
We're gonna ride the train and see my brother.
and there are rumors that we'll be merged with the Army.Literally: there are rumors of the Navy being absorbedtaken over
Which means
Huh?
How could you let this happen?
Be safe.keyframe
Avoiding the shelter saved us.keyframe MTBB 'Good thing we just ran instead of going in the shelter.' Nothing about runningran in the JP.
You're hurt.
Stay with me, Suzu-san!
These are loquats from up on Mt. Eba.
I need to exercise.
The army officer showed it to me when I first arrived.
Suzu-san, come on!
It must've come from the waterfront.
Say something!
Tell me why, then!
I loved coming home to you.
Hey!
Come over here and look at this!
Then you can join us tomorrow.
He walked all the way from Hiroshima.
So, this means...
Why?
They knew what we were getting into, didn't they?
Harumi-san always laughed, so I'll smile whenever I think of her.
Oh, goodness me.Alt: Oh, if it isn't...
What would the story be about?
And in the center is Mt. Haigamine.
Wow! I can see so clearly.
I have to feed the chickens before it gets dark.
Oh, me too, me too.
You'll see soon enough.
Hey, mister.
'Kay.
Oh, Mom, can you give me two sen?
Today's art class is free drawing time.
Impressive as always, Urano.So wrong but what to do... I'd be annoyed seeing "Suzu" when it's clearly not in the dialogue
You can draw for me if that's your fancy.
I'm done.
Now I have to go home.
You've gotten quite good.
I am?
I came from Furue.
I hope it all works out for you, sweetie.
On your wedding night, he'll ask, Did you bring an umbrella?
You must answer, Please do.
Because you must.
She's much prettier than I am.
Excuse me.MTBB: Pardon us.
The Naval artillery must be doing drills.coastal artillery
Oh, Mrs. Kobayashi.
Oh, hello.
They're here!
My beautiful kimono is all covered up.
This stew is delicious.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
are always going at it.
What ways?
Oops!
They'd go to the cinema, fancy restaurants and exhibits.
Well! In that case I'll work just as hard!
Mommy is mad about everything lately.
Mom, listen to this!
Not again! Another mistake.Alt: There you go again! That's all wrong. See lines 1:26:08 keyframe
Hand me your ration coupon and wallet.
What should we do for soup?
I'm home.
He's stationed far away.
Don't I smell like machine oil?
I was wondering why you were so gloomy of late.
Maybe it's the Hiyo and the Junyo.
That's the Yamato.
Oh, so Mrs. Kariya taught you this recipe?
The grains are swollen.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for helping us.
Yeah.
All right!
All right...More literally: Hup; Upsy-daisy. Neither fits well as he says this before picking those shovels up.
Yeah?
Oh...
He...?
Isn't that nice? Two married couples getting along so well.Alt: getting along so splendidly.
They got married and remodeled the store together.Dub don't like to copy, but honestly, it's the best translation. Alt: renewed; revamped.
As you'd expect, that was hard on her.
What?!
We will not arrest her today, but keep a close eye on her.
What's going on? The laundry is still outside.
Suzu, since you love to draw,Alt more literal but unnatural: Suzu-san, since you're one of those people who loves to draw,
I'm sorry, Harumi.
W-What's wrong?
Sugar's 20 yen a pound.
The price is only gonna go up from now on.Alt: If ya don't buy now, it's only gonna be more expensive for ya.
Oh, isn't it that way?
Caramel?
Miss, no one will give me directions, and everyone smells real nice.Miss
Are you also from South Hiroshima?
Yeah, from Kusatsu.
Rin!
You shouldn't come back here.
Shusaku, I've brought your notebook.
Huh? What's the matter? Don't tell me you really aren't feeling well.
But I am a little worried that you've lost weight.
Here. Eat for two people!
Well, I'm turning in for the night.
I can't quite get it right.Alt: I can't quite draw it like I want. MTBB: put it down on paper.
You haven't drawn in a while?
Really?Normally would join with previous but the pause is fairly long
Suzu, you're awful soft,
Yep.
I'm sorry.
No...
Shusaku?keyframe Alt: You mean Shusaku?
But Shusaku,
Our house is over there, toward Mt. Haigamine.
but now I'm the best of friends with everyone!
Harumi!
Air raid alert! Air raid alert!
Put out all fires!
Survival kits...
It was just a figure of speech.
Well, I'm off.
I'll get ready.
We are all...
I've picked up bits and pieces of news, lying here.
The Yamato?
I want to see what ships are here so I can tell my brother.
You aren't from around here, are you?
Bad timing, huh?
It's so hot...
Yes.
What a disaster, Suzu.
These are loquats from up on Mt. Eba.
I'm supposed to meet him in front of the fire station.'at the fire station.' Nothing wrong with the more literal
He's young but very kind.
This is horrible.
It's so sad that Kure keeps being targeted.More literally: It's so sad that Kure has been bombed so many times.
Suzu, come on!
Over the mountain, to Hiroshima!
I can't hear you! I can't hear you!
I can't hear anything!Add: "here!"
With the doctor.
Oh, right. I guess this isn't going in our wash.
Not like you could buy train tickets, anyway.keyframe
It's okay.
I can't see my children anymore.
can you wash this, please?
Hey!
Then you can join us tomorrow.
When we we're being bombed, Hiroshima helped us out,"While Kure was being bombed" is not natural for a local.
He died sitting here?keyframe
Thank you.
We lost the war?
It was awful.
Oh, goodness me.Alt: Oh, if it isn't...
A crocodile for a bride, you say?
I'm glad you didn't.
No.
Thank you. But you can eat it.
I am delivering seaweed to Futaba in Nakajima Honmachi.
Hello?
That's what he told me.
That's no good.
Or else what?
What's this? Take a look.
Grandma!
'Kay. Then do you think...
It's freezing!
I wonder what we should draw.
I won't draw it.
Mizuhara, what did you mean earlier?
All the guys say you should run when you see your brother.Official: Everyone says, Run when you see Urano's brother.
T-Thanks...
Now I have to go home.
And with a drawing like this,
You've gotten quite good.
You're going far away to get married, Suzu.neechan. Maybe: Cousin Suzu ?
I came from Furue.
Then he will ask, Can I open it?
Yes?
The honor is ours.keyframe
so I'm counting on you, Suzu.
Oh, Suzu?keyframe
May I borrow it?
What's wrong? Is yours not ripe?
Um, have we met before?
We have. Don't you remember?keyframe
are always going at it.
I'm Chita.
Those were the days.
When Shusaku was in the fourth grade,
I was expecting you to be one of those sophisticated city girls from Hiroshima.
Put in a waistband and...
Can I have some string, Suzu?
Excuse me, Shusaku?
What?
Oh gosh. I dreamt I married a man in Kure.
I did.Alt: Me? Yes, I did.
A handsome young officer slips me his meal tickets.
You're getting a bald spot.
Picking herbs?
It might've traveled far to get here.
You're homesick, huh?
There's a U-boat from Germany.
I can see.
The world's greatest warship, born from the Orient's greatest shipyard.
seven hundred?
I've never seen rice cooked this way.
Yes.
They need to build firebreaks throughout the city.
All right!
Yeah?
Oh, that's the Tone.
I'm amazed. You know so much.
Yeah, Big Brother taught me.What to do???
Oh, thanks.
They used to measure their heights together as one happy family.
When my father was rehired by the Navy Arsenal,
When her husband died, they fought over the business.
I just need to check on the garden.
the military police investigated Suzu, and...
Oh, Dad's home! Let's tell him, too!
Sugar's 20 yen a pound.
Huh?! That's fifty times the ration price!
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe...
It's okay.keyframe
Thank you so much.
Mint candy.
Oh, Suzu?
Well then, let's go.
I'm Mizuhara Tetsu, an Aoba crewmember.
I had nowhere else to go,
Hey! Suzu, wanna join me?
She's a good ship, but yet again she didn't get to triumph or sink in glory.
Here. I tossed some coals in the bed warmer. Take it to him.Official: I've readied the bed warmer. Take it to him.
And then you might want to have a nice, long chat.
It's paradise compared to a hammock.
Gonna cut it into a pen?
Our teacher entered it into a contest.
Suzu, you're awful warm.keyframe. Snapping actually looks worse here even though it doesn't stop short of the dialogue.
You sure you don't want me to take you back home?Official: 'Do you want to stay?' What's wrong with the more literal version?
Makes me wonder what he was like.
They called us up in the cold for a stupid rock?rock not in JP but better included. Edited version of MTBB
Huh?
Oh yeah?
Grab survival kits and head to bomb shelters!
You're father's okay. I'm sure of it.Official: Your father will come home safely.
But you'll be okay, Suzu.
I love you.This is the dub and is a much better translation. I think the strong dialect made the official sub translators change it to: 'I'm so fond of you.'
That's why I'll wait for you right here.house
No, with you, it's possible.you never know
I can't show you. It's top secret!
For the Houjos.
Where my brother is?
And use a bamboo spear for what?Alt; And anyway, what am I goingsupposed to do with a bamboo spear; And anyway, what do you expect me to do with a bamboo spear.
I'm just glad you're alive.
Oh dear, so they're really coming this time.
Bad timing, huh?
You were there with her.keyframe
She's not herself right now.
I'm glad.
I think I'll hang the bandages out to dry.
Are you able to get up, Suzu?keyframe
Suzu! Is that a bomb?
Easy does it.Alt: Hup
Be careful.
I'm just glad that you're alive.
Your sister is here!little sister
The festival in Eba will be early next month, so come home soon, okay?More literally: 'The festival in Eba is on the sixth of next month...' I mean as spoken English it does work, but it reads a bit too robot-likeprecise. Official: 'Come home for the festival next month.'
Is this about your hand?
Tell me why, then!
I can't hear anything!Add: "here!"
Thank you very much.
It's okay.
Um, now that I think about it,
The other stations?
Come over here and look at this!
Oh, it's so frustrating with one hand.Argh looks a bit stupid but 'Oh' still isn't quite right.
My husband has business in Hiroshima soon.
I'm sorry.
They're just going to burn them, anyway.
I'll be transferred to Ootake.
Sumi?
Oh, Suzu! You cut your hair.
I can't help with work outside on this day of bitter cold.
I suppose you must rest easy for now.
I wish he could come back to Eba.Yoichi
I should have told you sooner.
No.
We'll keep changing and growing, this city and us.
Thank you. But you can eat it.
I'll start the fire.for the bath
Yep! Ever since I was promoted to a Single, I've had this strong determination to succeed.This is the dub. SallySubs: "Absolutely! Getting promoted to Single has worked wonders for my motivation." Sounds good but is this in character?
It's a city where wondrous encounters can happen from time to time.
It didn't occur to me at all.SallySubs: I totally forgot.
It's because you're from Manhome. You're not used to thinking about them.SallySubs: Well, you're from Manhome. Don't worry about it.
Akira-san...
I'll leave the present here, so please give it to her tomorrow.
Just so you know, I won't go easy on you.
Right!
They may seem like such simple, ordinary things, but maybe they're actually amazing miracles.
That's why we're going to walk all over town tomorrow, right?
You got it!
So, what's this miracle of yours, Ai-chan?
I might have found the entrance to Aqua's miracles!
Good luck with your work too, Mister!
No, no! Stop getting so happy over something like that!
Well, you're the new recruit at the famous Aria Company that Grandma founded.
Don't know. Beats me.
I shall partake in this playful moment with you, then.
Thank you for waiting, President Aria.
Won't Aika-san scold you?
Uh-oh!Aika's disciple so it imitates her interjection
Unlike Alice-senpai, Aika-san is very strict.
Cait Sith, huh?
We want to become Primas.
H-Hey! Junior?!
No scary experiments allowed!
Aika-chan, don't you have to give lessons to the younger students today?
See you later, then.
I guess I'd better get back to the company, too.
Are you all right, President Aria?
Now, got to practice, got to practice!SallySubs: Better get practicing! Nozomi: Now, practice, practice!
Now, let's embark on a wonderful journey together.
Look, a kitty-cat!
Yep, and that's called your astral birthday.
After that, she'll be free until athe Gondola Association meeting at 6 o'clock.
Really? Thanks.
I see.
Oh, okay.
there's a company workshop I have to attend tonight, so I'd better make my way back.
Akira-san!
Please pardon my momentary intrusion!Nozomi: discourtesy
It's all thanks to you, Akari-chan.
Thank you very much. Please take my hand.
So something amazing happened, huh?
Where do you want to eat?
I want to try chitarra!Pasta made with a "guitar-like" thing. The ORIGINATION Special - EP5.5
Well, of course! It really was wondrously amazing!
I heard this from Alice-senpai too:
that Ai-san's chances of having a wondrously mysterious encounter are almost as high as Akari-san's.
I shall partake in this playful moment with you, then.
It's not here.SallySubs: Nothing here!
Do you two usually practice together?
Yeah, I guess we do.
Akari-san! Maybe this is a miracle Cait Sith gave to me?
It has to be!
Cait Sith, huh?
Speaking of which, were you ever able to see Cait Sith again, Akari-san?
Well then, off I go!
H-Hey! Junior?!
I thought maybe it would, but...
I stepped on it a bunch of times when I was little, but nothing ever happened.
I have to go to school.
One of Neo-Venezia's seven wonders, the Stone of Misfortune, huh?
Yes!
It's our first applicant, President Aria!
This scenery is really special, isn't it?
Everyone is soothed by that smile and singing voice of hers.
How?
Yeah.
Then I'll have dinner ready for you.
Going swimming at the beach might also be good. We could do some practice there too.
It sure is strange.Alt: wondrous; odd; peculiar; a mystery
A party on a normal day? That sounds wonderful.
Hey!
Thank you for inviting us today.
If Athena-senpai could pull that off, it'd be a miracle.
Yes, it's already a miracle.
Starting with my encounter with President Aria, things slowly grew over time.
Even after I graciously declined,
The Gondola Association said they're willing to wait
What is this?
As I spent Aqua's passing seasons with you,
My, that's...
When you had to say goodbye to that nightshine chime, how did you feel?
But you know what, it was probably a good thing too, Alicia-san.
Loneliness and sadness are proof of how blessed you are, huh?
The time I stopped is beginning to move again.
But the seed of a wish still remains.
As long as you don't extinguish it, that excitement will never go away.
It's a celebration of the miracle that Ai-chan and the others created today.
It's from Manhome.
And I knew I was contradicting myself.
At Orange Planet, the company decides who your mentor is.
So you don't get to choose...
Gondola coming through!
It can't be helped during this season.
Aqua is so full of miracles!
I'm going out now.
We've been waiting for you.
Please join us.
Who knows what she's plotting.
I see. So that's why everyone said they we're busy today.
Does that mean...?
You invited Alicia-san and the others too, didn't you?
I get that you're happy, but instead of saying Alicia, you should have said Akira and the others.
Oh my, it smells lovely. Is it rose tea?
She must be tired.
For the benefit of future Undines,
she's trying to change how the Prima promotions are carried out, as well as other things.
Some encounters are wonderful,Nozomi: There are joyous encounters,
they said it was for the benefit of the water guide industry and all Undines.
I decided I should take things slow.
as if a magic spell had been cast over it.
Hey, Akari-chan.
It all equals up to the amount of love that you had.Dub used. Good translation. More literal Nozomi sub: "is because of all the love you had."
Your transparent color is washing over me.
The Gondola Association aren't the only ones waiting, but he's waiting for you as well, right?
You can't stand still any longer.
I haven't relaxed like this in ages!
changes its form, and suddenly appears right in front of you.
Our individual paths cross, create new paths, and separate once again.Nozomi italicized this but sounds more like a response to Akari
Or should I say,
Because I walked down my own path without stopping, I was able to meet you.you -- the visuals suggest this is Akari, but I like to think it's also referring to the viewer.
Chin up and we'll give it another shot, President Aria.
This is Neo-Venezia of the water planet Aqua.
such as ourselves, are known as Undines.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry.
Let's make our way back.
The time we can spend together is more precious than anything else.
This was a miracle! It was incredible, Akira-san!
You love to exaggerate, Akari-chan.
The smiles of Akira-san, Alicia-san, and Athena-san,
That sounds wonderful.
After all, you came to this planet of miracles, Aqua.
Our high priest, Zesta-sama, is out screwing around while proselytizing...
Hey! What're you doing?!
Welcome, my lost lamb.
You must think deeply upon your sins.
Aren't you an arch priest, which are revered around here?
Nothing else, then?
Confess now, and admit your sins.
Do you have an unhealthy interest in a crusader's laundry?
And you're not really looking for another priest?
Putting aside the first two, that last one wasn't true at all.
and worshiped Aqua-sama for a long time...
The bountiful chest on the portrait of the goddess Eris...
God forgives all.
Are you feeling better?
With no one else here, it was like I had the mixed bath all to myself!
So, everyone, how did the sightseeing go?
I-I'm thinking about going sightseeing tomorrow, too.
Why are you acting so embarrassed?
but with the right justification, he wouldn't hesitate to enter the mixed bath.
M-Megumin, why make me the example?!
You may be my friend, Darkness, but one more word, and you will pay!
It seems, when Aqua-sama went into the secret baths at the main church,
I apologize for purifying the hot springs into hot water,
The quality of the hot springs has been dropping a bit lately.
I was crying to her all night, and in the morning, she was fading away again...
No need to to be shy!
I don't have that much to wash, all right?!
Kazuma-san!
Yes, thank you.
but I managed to recover!
Well, actually
That's because I've been making rounds to the hot springs and purifying them all!
It's definitely not because I'm trying to stop the rest of you
I thought it sounded fishy!
You're supposed to beg the Axis Church for its help!
We still oughta tie her up! Tie her up and toss her in the lake!
Why did I get stoned by my own followers?!
Aqua-sama, p-please drink this and calm down.
There she is!
Slay the demons! Defeat the Devil King!
Tie her up! Take the wench and tie her up!
There she is! I found the wannabe!
You can't go in, arch priest or not.
Are you saying I have a lizard face?!
replaced the hot springs with hot water?!
Ow, ow! Darkness, that hurts!
Wiz! Please, get over here!
Wiz, go for it!
This is poisoned! Like, it's totally poisoned!
If this is any indicator, the water source has probably been contaminated already.
That's...
Don't do anything rash!
Well, well! Are you folks sightseers?
Wh-Who might that be? I'm one of the overseers
It's me, Wiz! Come on, Hans-san! Hans-san!
Please stop shaking me!
and reveal yourself, Hans?!
Even though the harder I work, the less money I seem to have...
Let's do this, partner.
Hans the Deadly Poison Slime.
Hey, slimes are weak, right? Total small fry?
Who told you that nonsense?!
First of all, physical attacks have nearly no effect on them.
Fine! Forget it!
Hey, you!
Cursed Crystal Prison!
But the nice old man who oversaw these hot springs didn't do anything wrong!
This is...
Heal! Heal! Heal!
It's burning... It burns so much!
Huh? Yeah, I can!
Y-Yes! If he were around half his current size...
I-I can shoot it?! Okay, I'll shoot it!
I need to protect everyone from Hans as he's being blown away, right?
I'm gonna be your meal today!
Detonation... Detonation... Detonation...
Lady!
"The Axis Church can get things done.
The sin of corrupting the hot springs of my beloved faithful
Slay the demons! Defeat the Devil King!
It can't be...
no gratitude.
I worked hard to purify them!
N-N-No, I wasn't! I just happened to come by today!
We're home!
God bless it, and you.
Hey, Kazuma-san! The hot water's not working!
"It may be surprising, but I apparently have good luck!"Matched to S1 E10
If...
Hey, they haven't sentenced me to prison yet!
If this was a game, one of those clich rebel forces would come and rescue me.
Darkness should be running away with the depleted Megumin as we speak.
They can say whatever they want before chopping your head off.
But how do I even get out of here?
You really think?
Why pretend to be a student?
I-I see. Moving on...
I led a ragtag team of beginning adventurers to destroy the Destroyer!
I do know of your accomplishments, Satou-san.
It's barely warm!
I-I'm sorry!
You can't serve tea, you're an total anal-retentive hardass...
in spite of my age.
Are you satisfied?
Th-That's horrible! What jerks call me that?!
Do I really look... like... that big a deal?
We will now begin the trial of State v. Satou Kazuma.
You look really nervous.
Worry not, Kazuma.
As such, the accused, Satou Kazuma, is charged with subversion of the state.
I saw that man swinging that girl's panties around in the street!
You may step down.
but all these testimonies are inadmissible as evidence!
I have no connections to the Devil King's army,
The defendant is found guilty.
That's...
I do not request a dismissal of the case.
I don't care how much authority the Dustiness family wields
I want order, and I'm going to get order, damn you!
The accused, Satou Kazuma, will be given a stay of trial!
But leave Aldarp to me.
S-Something crazy...
Don't you dare call me that!
The spell is incorrect. Your quest book has been erased.
My name is Satou Kazuma...
The only crimes Kazuma commits are minor ones, like sexual harassment.
Despite eyeing me like a wild animal in the mansion,
That was because I was under that succubus's control!
If...
If?!
Nope, nothing at all!
You people...
Uh, the Teleport spell was cast by
Damn it... So much for the town where new adventurers get their start.
Snow accumulated on my head,
That's clever of them.
Never heard of a stepping box for a present before.
But I stayed home all day, every day, living a life of self-indulgence.
I thought being an adventurer seemed cool,
and a great way to make pretty girls fall all over me.
The reward I received for the dullahan hunt
"This is how you treat the hero who saved this town?!
I-I see. Moving on...
I do not.
Huh?
We will now begin the trial of the accused, Satou Kazuma.
You haven't done anything wrong in this case.
A crime that threatens someone with the station of lord
Megumin!
Yeah! What're you basing it on?!
First!
has altered the landscape and ecosystem, on top of creating
Your testimony was proven wrong, on the record!
the prosecution's basis for this case can no longer be seen as valid.
with no sufficient basis to suspect you, I judge you innocent
His sentence...
They're said to be the king's greatest allies! They're famous!
Nothing short of this would've prevented your execution.
That being the case, I will do anything you ask.
It might not be fair, but after what Darkness did to save me, it must be done.
Cold... I'm so cold...
Darkness went to deal with that lord last night and never came back!
She's Chomusuke.
Listen up. When she gets back,
So we can't ask Darkness what it was like to climb the stairs to adulthood!
Kill Quest
Is that a good idea?!
Aqua!
Excuse me, but I think I'm slowly being swallowed.
KONOSUBA!
Rival?
H-Huh?
I'd rather not. It's too cold.
challenge me to a duel, and then steal my lunch...
Seriously?
I give up! I already gave up!
Kazuma.
For the record, I'm only three years younger than you!
This guy's actually taking his clothes off!
E-Excuse me, doesn't this usually call for a response like,
I'm a guy who does what he has to do!
I'll have a body that'll have Yunyun crying for forgiveness...
Why bring that up now?
Is it locked?!
Aqua! The little girl is bullying me!
I see.
You could've just come by the mansion instead of doing all this.
It's always half-measures with you.
she'd gleefully challenge me over and over.
Have you lost your nerve, Megumin?
I wouldn't even mind a devil for a friend at this point...
She's working odd jobs to take her "friends" out to eat?!
Shopkeep, you said this crystal would create friendship, right?!
My duel... I finally got her to duel, and...
I don't mind.
If you think you're not childish anymore, do you want to do that again?
Oh, my!
I win again!
which makes me an ordinary civilian!
If we don't do something, we'll starve to death!
Stupid!
I see... Then there might still be treasure in the unexplored areas.
Hey, this expires tonight!
No! I'm a water goddess, remember?!
but I still have a godlike power or two up my sleeve!
Who knows what trouble her bungling will cause?
This is it...
We're gonna be trouble if it's not.
Hey, if my keen eyes aren't deceiving me,
so if you detect any monsters, let me know.
Haven't you known me long enough by now to know I'm not playing around?
You sometimes get weak demons in dungeons like these.
I didn't see what.
No party could've made it through here without an arch priest...
I can still smell undead in the area.
That's weird. I definitely smell something.
That being the case...
If he had no use for her, why not let me take her away?
While we were eloping, I found myself facing off against the whole kingdom!
he abandoned his humanity and became a lich.
Okay, everything's ready.
Who in the world is this?
Thank you so much.
Dear wife, I'm coming soon.
that's not gonna happen!
Lurk...
Kazuma, he...
She doesn't even feel a bit guilty!
You could learn a lesson about spiritual purity from those two!
but thanks for
I can't handle these part-time jobs anymore! We gotta do quests!
That's Kazuma-san for you!
I actually feel like an adventurer!
We're gonna drink 'til morning, people!
Yeah!
You want to keep her?
"But you'll never have your way with my heart!"
Wh-Wh-What do we do?!
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow nor hail is slowing those toads down.
No, please, help Aqua first.
Hey! That arrow almost messed up the best part of my do
Aqua, you keep them busy again!
No way! You be the decoy this time!
Well, y'know, it's a wide world.
No, thank you.
Sell it and make an extra payment.
It is of no use to a grand sorceress such as myself, who operates beyond the bounds of society.
Yeah, I figured.
Wait!
Well, thank you very much!
I never thought an embrace could be so unpleasant.
Or does Captain Kazuma explain with his nightstick?!
"I-Idiot! I could never do that!"
If you were to inflict some unjust violence on me out of jealousy,
Yee-ouchers!
Now, stop skulking behind that towel, and let's get in the bath!
Hey...
She stalks me, claiming to be my rival, after all.
And she's the same age as you, huh?
Well, I mean, anyone seeing this would probably think
Did you lock the door to the bath?!
I-I didn't!
Freeze!
Megumin, when you get out of the bath, let's have lunch.
Sorry to ask, but I can't move, so could you dry me off?
What a coincidence!
Well, yes.
She'll pay.
How long are you going to mope?
I-I'll...
Achoo!
You're the one who threw it in the fireplace, though.
Kazuma! Can't you save this kind of play for later?!
He stripped me against my will
What are you doing?!
The reason I was away for so long
He's the one most excited about the idea.
How is it that you're so versatile when it comes to stuff like this?
Kazuma?
Megumin...
but Megumin is weirdly smart about certain things.
But...
I think it's okay.
I think the "wannabe-butler who's trying too hard" look suits you too, Kazuma.
is what nobles are supposed to do!
he's easily strung along by another woman's affection.
Why don't you use that nasty body of yours to earn us some cash?"
I am Dustiness Ford Lalatina.
I suppose I might be in the way here.
Do you have any hobbies?
We take our meals and baths together...
Show me the strength of your resolve!
Demonstrate your ruthlessness and depth of depravity to Walther!
I wasn't trying to
You want everything I have?! Then here it comes!
Not only does he douse her with water in winter,
Th-This... is so good!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
This is bad... I keep draining, but this workhorse isn't slowing down!
The loser has to do any one thing the winner says.
I-I want to resist, but the Drain Touch is sapping my strength...
I just came by with something to... drink...
While you were asleep, things got kinda serious!
Hey! How the hell can you say that about a virgin like me?!
Why did you believe her, too?!
Beloved Father.
I haven't done anything likely to cause a problem.
Of course not!
I can hit them!
You sure do look happy.
One of the Devil King's commanders?!
Truly?
I had intended to use them to clear this dungeon of monsters...
First, I obtain a dungeon.
And of course, I am there to greet them!
and since it seemed uninhabited, I figured it may as well be this dungeon.
But there's a truly vexing magic circle beyond this room.
I can see it... I see it quite clearly.
It's a demon's temptation! Don't let him lead you astray!
I-I'm not being led anywhere!
I'm the one you're fighting!
Here's my chance!
And just as you're getting your hopes up, you lose!
How unfortunate! I'm not even hurt.
I don't mind at all! Go ahead, show no mercy!
But resist much longer, and your mind may be destroyed.
Okay, Darkness, let's join Aqua and get the hell out of here.
Kazuma, leave me behind and go.
Don't expect things to be that easy
Oh, enough!
Oh, we can't have that.
Wha
Don't trouble yourself.
O-One of the Devil King's commanders?!
To unleash anti-demon magic at first sight...
Hey, Darkness, why are you dodging?!
I want one of those masks, too!
Are you stupid?! The mask is his main body!
It does match the description of the all-seeing demon from a wanted poster!
Satou-san, aren't you going to help?!
I just get dragged into it!
Who are you calling an easy woman?!
He doesn't have me whipped!
Steal! Kazuma must be planning to use his specialty, Steal!
Handle this like a real hero!
If I win, in addition to my crazy demand,
My time possessing your body was quite enjoyable.
and the armor she cherished was destroyed.
Look at how giddy they are.
No! No way!
Now, girl who had a distant look in her eyes
so that embarrassing declaration of your feelings is nothing I canoh, my!
Congratulations!
Why isn't he hurt at all?!
I believe you would be well served in assisting in our business.
But shouldn't we be getting back to work?
Kazuma, would you please give it a rest?!
The theft of my magic power is a crime deserving of a thousand
So... tired...
Your partner seems a lot shorter now.
forming a massive group,
What the hell did you just do?!
Thanks to Aqua's support magic,
meaning we can ignore the rest.
All right, here we go!
What's your problem?!
I'm going to get messed up by those Runners and be left crying!
Go on, if you wanna kill me, just do it
Don't lie down there!
Taste the power of my explosion magic!
But you were a little too careless this time.
then that means everyone is safe and well.
What is this? Oh, man. My chest hurts...
I want a kind, sensible girl!
I want to talk with Eris-sama a bit!
Um, Kazuma-san
W-W-Wait a second!
I'm already dead! Do whatever you want.
Hey! Cut it out! What are you doing to my body?!
Seriously, what did she do to me?
S-Stupid!
Oh, how careless of me.
Why can't you all be as composed as I am?
Damn it! I'm gonna make her pay!
simply passing through it was enough to make it collapse!
And to think, that little barrier could put you in this state!
This body is merely animated earth.
I suppose, for the botched work of a fledgling priest, it was quite impressive.
But you are laughing.
only to then collect a tithe as a means of robbing them of their money!
I may have borne witness to this god, based on that description!
The amount of fancy bubbly I could buy with that...
And I'm worried about your nasty stench stinking up my holy abode!
Oh, how silly of me!
Why should I bother working when I'm on the verge of making a fortune?
No more dangerous adventurer stuff! Time for a nice, room-temperature life!
In that case, why don't we make a ton of money
I guess we're all exhausted from fighting so many tough enemies,
and secure the best seats!
Oh? What brings you by so early?
I-I-I'm not anticipating that!
I just wanted to go because my neck still hurts...
Actually, boy, you said you were going to the hot springs, didn't you?
You're the one with the most vitality in this group!
Go on, Kazuma, buy our tickets!
Yep.
This isn't right! Something's wrong!
Now, here we go! Rock-paper-scissors!
Are you an idiot?! How is that gonna help me fight monsters?!
Kazuma, I can't believe you went there!
Foresight.
There's a dust cloud headed in this direction...
That settles it! You win!
there's a load of some incredibly hard mineral, like adamantite!
Hard as adamantite?
Wait somewhere safe!
...us!
That's Decoy!
I'm sorry! I was trying to help, but I only got in the way!
A game of speed in which competitors charge at an obstacle
Oh, boy! Here they come, here they come!
Oh, they're gonna ram me!
Stop it! There are people watching! Don't say another word!
Kazuma! This is good! So good!
Sir, they're gonna catch us at this rate!
Got it!
Powered!
Snipe! Snipe! Snipe! Snipe!
Now, everyone, eat up!
Thank you, thank you!
Hey! Megumin, Wiz, wake up!
Of course it's not!
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
I'm sorry.
If our goddess wasn't here,
Well, Kazuma? Was that goddess-like or what?
Sure thing.
The scenery is completely different from Axel...
Steamed buns! Care for a steamed bun?
I'm impressed you know that, Megumin.
As in... the Axis cult that's full of weirdos?
about how wonderful the Axis Church is!
How about it? Please, join us!
Look, Kazuma! There's a fountain!
My apples...
Thank you so much!
Um...
W-Well, you know how it is.
If only someone would sign their name,
to make you strong and super cool!
Plus, if you join, you'll get all kinds of rare bonuses,
If you insist on calling Eris-sama a dark goddess in my presence
Is everyone in the Axis cult like this?
Was not.
Remember? We were classmates in school!
A trial in a heretical land...
Please enjoy yourselves.
Hey, Kazuma, why don't we all move to this town?
Are you okay?
Are you all right in the head?
Now, tell me of your sins.
Aren't you an arch priest, which are revered around here?
Well, I must wait for the next lost lamb.
A desire to stick a magic user's black hair up your nose?
You apostate!
Sheesh, I said I was joking.
Putting aside the first two, that last one wasn't true at all.
Please... Please, hear me out.
all will be forgiven.
but their faith is really strong!
You seem pretty worn out, though.
How's that, sir?
then hunt the crowds of undead that Aqua attracts with Kazuma, but...
That's what you were after?
He has his faults, but he's pretty reliable in the end.
S-Stop it!
Y-Your tears really sting when they hit me, Aqua-sama...
What exactly does "danger in peril" mean?
W-Well, I'm... you know...
Please!
Fine! Fine, I'll help! I'll help you, so stop purifying my grape juice!
Come on, come to me!
My, what nice weather!
Soap, detergent, soap, detergent, soap, detergent...
For a moment, I saw my party members from when I was an adventurer
Slay the demons! Defeat the Devil King!
The Devil King's army is currently plotting sabotage against this town!
So she spent her morning doing a hot springs tour, huh?
Why would the Devil King's army do that, anyway?
Poor thing.
I have come here personally to help you all!
Quit screwing around!
It's true! I'm actually a goddess!
Why are you trying to help them after what they put you through?
What's going on?
My dear friends Funifura-san and Dodonko-san. Please don't come to visit! I know you said you're two days away from Axel, but please turn back right away! I assure you, I am not just pretending. Right now, the town is suffering from unprecedented storms and earthquakes as the Devil King's generals are waging a siege; things are very dangerous. And is there something you enjoy about cornering someone?! Well?! Is there?! -Yunyun
Slay the demons! Defeat the Devil King!
That witch who claims the name of a goddess!
Impostor! Impostor! Impostor!
That makes sense.
Come on, let us through!
Wait a minute!
were saying terrible things about our faith.
So it was you!
Just cough it up already, milady!
I'm so, so sorry!
Whoa, the water's black!
Don't do anything rash!
Oops!
Where do you think you're going, Hans?!
Damn it!
Wiz, isn't the deal that you don't help us, apart from maintaining the barrier,
What now, Wiz? You want to take me on?
You've lost your spine ever since you became a lich, Wiz!
That deadly poison probably means you have some poison attacks,
I'm not seeing any way we lose!
My name is Hans...
What, now? A leader of the Devil King's army?
Isn't that a good thing?
You probably just joined the Devil King's army because nobody liked you!
Finally!
I'm a slime! My instinct is to consume!
The same for knights... They collect taxes,
Wiz is scaring me...
If it weren't poisonous, I'd take it home and make it my pet!
Get back here! It's dangerous!
Kazuma!
It's gonna pay!
I'm gonna be your meal today!
Wielder of the most glorious, powerful, and grand explosion magic...
Pitiful creature...
Why's everyone so mad?!
N-N-No, I wasn't! I just happened to come by today!
I'll indulge you, since it's been a while.
If you're after smoked meat, I would recommend wild boar.
Fine, I'll have that! And I'll leave the brand up to you!
That's a good name.
You'll need to be able to drink this stuff if you want to become like me one day.
Huh?! Golem slaying?!
Weren't you crying about having to do quests and facing danger until just the other day?
Anyone else would have trouble killing a golem, but you can take it out with a single blow.
So that's where it is.
Why do you enjoy setting up these flags so much?
It's times like these you can rely on me.
I'll blast them away, along with all the ruins!
Kazuma! I think this might be a bit bad, even for me!
What is that?!
Use your explosion magic or she'll be done for! In more ways than one!
This guy...!
Something even cooler than that, okay?!
And directing the golem's attention towards myself,
Where's Aqua-sama? Isn't she with you?
I have a request for a certain someone who has defeated three of the Demon Lord's generals.
As you can see, I'm a bit busy right now.
Well, let's at least see what kind of quest it is.
It's probably just a small version of the golem from last time or something.
But it is also the truth that I want to defeat the Demon Lord.
I decided to give up on defeating the Demon Lord.
I can't change who I am just because I was brought to another world.
But I can't pass up on a giant robot, either.
I know, I'll just make both!
And I need to lower their strength!
There was also one fatal flaw to them.
The giant robot, the bishoujo golem, I take my eye off them for one second and they go berserk.
Is it the faces? The hairstyle?
Or the very structure itself?
And it might go berserk at any moment, just like that giant golem.
Scream for me with your beautiful voice! Scream!
When he does, let's be nice to him.
I see, that's amazing.
This is worse than her just being disgusted by him!
It's not what you think! We're just following orders from the higher-ups in the guild...
Tomorrow we're going dungeon crawling.into a dungeon.
We are.
A long time ago, in a cave far away, the kingdom's greatest archwizard created this dungeon.
No! I'm a water goddess!
My madness?
Want to know what I'm thinking about right now?
As well as I can in daylight.
Kazuma, wait one second.
Master!
Sniff, sniff... Sniff, sniff...
I'm speechless.
Yes.
I'm truly grateful.
I was waiting for my body to decay, but I sensed a tremendous holy power
or the trappings of man and woman,
Hey, let go!
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! It's all my fault!
Am I supposed to lower my holy aura to that of Kazuma, the sh-NEET?!
Yo, wenches! Keep the cold ones coming!
There it is!
This one is on me. Please enjoy.
That's Kazuma-san for you!
All right, ladies! Drink 'til you drop!
Steal!
Drinks on Kazuma?!
M-Megumin!
Very well! Challenge accepted!
We're drinkin' 'til the hangover sets in, people!
Achoo!
Oh, my, dear, are you catching a cold? Take care, now.
You're sounding pretty nasal yourself, Kazuma-san.
You're the one who threw it in the fireplace, dear.
Look who's talking! You were gonna burn my tracksuit, slutface!
Steal!
Trouble, Kazuma! We're in trouble!
Wha?!
First, take a nice, long bath
Wow, what a handsome guy!
Die, faggot.maybe just "Get fucked" lol
The reason I was away for so long
Is Satou Kazuma here?!
Megumin...
You look like a servile servant!
D-Don't call me that!
What?
I've decided that it's still too soon for me to get married.
K-Kazuma-kun!
I'm even prepared to be disinherited!
Sounds like pure gold to me.
And he never loses his temper?!
Besides, my ideal man
he's easily led on by anything that shows some leg.
Someone who's in rut all year round the more perverse, the better!
An upstart noble's son like you couldn't possibly
Hee-hee.
Behold Kazuma, who claims to be an advocate of gender equality
To be honest, I came with every intention of refusing this marriage.
Don't hold back! Keep it coming!
You've earned Miss Lalatina's trust.
Is something wrong?
Creeper!
There's a reason why they call him "Crapuma" and "Kazutrash."
Weak sh-NEET Kazuma has no chance against you in a grappling match!
Something crazy?!
No! She wanted this!
My daughter has always been a bit awkward around people.
When, one day, she finally found one,
Her mother passed on when she was young, so I may have spoiled her a bit,
Hey, you wanna step outside?
While you sleeping, things got kinda serious!
Hee-hee?
Father, Walther-sama...
Please, call off this marriage meeting.
I've been keeping it a secret,
A grandchild... My first grandchild...
It means nothing to me, unless it has something to do with explosion magic.
Same goes for me.
And you?
I see.
It's a powerful sealing talisman.
Kazuma, stay behind me.
I can hit them!
It got me! Somebody get this thing off me!
No! Stay back!
What is this sense of fulfillment?!
I am what is commonly known as demonkin...
I had intended to use them to clear this dungeon of monsters...
How rude, coming from the man who loafed around his room like a bear,
A group of skilled adventurers rises to the challenge!
That's how I wish to die.
I was going to use a friend's store to save up money
But there's a truly vexing magic circle beyond this room.
Her again...
Oh, it was one of your comrades who drew the magic circle?
And you, girl! You lost your bet to this man,
I-I'm not being led anywhere!
Then why don't the two of you take a break in that room
We live in the same mansion!
Here's my chance!
But... does this mean we really got him?!
Darkness? Hey! Answer me!
You are most impressive, girl.
If she continues to resist my power
Wait, Kazuma... Isn't that...
We'll head outside and have Aqua purify you.
Wha
Boy, this girl's resistance to my power leaves her body in constant surging pain!
D-Darkness!
I am Vanir...
Have you never heard of etiquette?!
I want one of those masks, too!
Not only that, but it has excellent resistance against the pesky magic of the gods.
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
I just get dragged into it!
take the mask off, and throw it away!
How does someone as puny as you expect to remove the seal,
At a time like this, you'd
Boost your magic power so you can withstand his Steal.
Do it.
My explosion magic has grown even more powerful,
Now, awaken from your slumber,
people didn't believe that someone connected to the Devil King's army
You did great, Lalatina!
I'll chew Kazuma out for letting everyone know your name, Lalatina, as a joke.
At this rate...
I probably shouldn't say such a thing...
Wiz, we need to tell you something...
Now, girl who had a distant look in her eyes
even one such as I couldn't escape unscathed.
Take a good look at my mask!
I just have to make and develop the products.
H-He actually fought back!
That was easier than I thought.
This isn't the way to the guild.
You mentioned needing that for your new financial venture, right?
Too heavy to move in, huh?
I guess I'll just have to settle for a new weapon...
Chunchunmaru.
Say what, now?
And if any get through, just leave them to me.
the rest of the Lizard Runners should disperse,
All right, here we go!
so why call the whole group here?!
Go on, if you wanna kill me, just do it
They'll actually trample you to death!
Leave it to me!
Snipe!
I'm sorry. I have no excuse for what happened this time.
Yes.
But as Darkness was holding them back,
What is this? Oh, man. My chest hurts...
Every now and then, I sneak off to the surface to have some fun.
I'm probably going to die many more times.
Um, Kazuma-san
Give the others my regards!
What are you even talking about?! Wait just a minute!
Megumin! Megumin?!
Well, Kazuma-san...
Pipe down!
What?!
Self-esteem is a good thing,
Yes, it's hot water!
What exactly are you calling the holy sword Excalibur?!
I'm acting the same as I always do.
I swear! I swear I will!
apart from taking a bath.
It seems that, with my immense strength,
Oh, gosh! It's so funny, I forgot to laugh!
only to then collect a tithe as a means of robbing them of their money!
Well, my goodness! It turns out...
And a-shedding I go!
A million a month?!
Is it wiser to take the three hundred mil?
and stealing the finishing blow after they've weakened the Devil King enough!
Come on, Darkness, say something to Darkness?
I guess we're all exhausted from fighting so many tough enemies,
and secure the best seats!
Well, take the chance to relax and enjoy your anticipation of mixed bathing.
What is it? Some kind of magic item?
As soon as I take my eyes off her, she purchases the most bizarre things...
It was an emergency!
It'll be uncomfortable, but one of you will have to bear with riding in the back.
Hey, that's dirty! You buffed your luck with magic!
Then that cancels out the gracious help I've been offering to you!
Can someone switch with me now?
Hang in there until then.
But they say the Princess Runner was killed the other day,
But it'd be strange for them to head toward us.
Wait somewhere safe!
Adventurer or not, we can't expose one of the passengers to danger!
I'm sorry! I was trying to help, but I only got in the way!
I'm so sorry!
When we're done here, you can have my seat.
Blade of Wind!
Nothing of the sort!
Just tie me to the wagon with a rope and drag me along.
Crap! Pops, how far to the cave?
I'm ready to fire my magic anytime!
That clears it up.
To think you had a magic user powerful enough to use explosion magic!
Not to mention the inspired decision to lure the enemy into the cave so that
is exciting to watch.
I'm glad the smithing skills I learned for product development came in handy.
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
I'm so sorry for everything my friends keep causing.
If our goddess wasn't here,
Those are a local specialty, Arcan steamed buns.
Yeah?
Come on, everyone! Where should we go?
Time to be fawned over for being an arch priest!
Look, Kazuma! There's a fountain!
Can I do anything to thank you?
I'm good, thanks.
Why don't you let me read your future?
Th-That's quite all right!
I know that the Axis cult and the Eris church don't get along too well...
Oh, this is horrible!
If only someone would sign their name,
Everyone in the Eris cult better not be like her, either.
Absolutely not!
Looks like it's just a scratch.
this girl blooms like a single flower!
And the scary lady here is Darkness.
Some crazy mage screwed up the entire landscape.
It was worth nothing, and that's being generous!
You reek of fish.
The arch priest who makes everything a pain.
Do you realize what kind of man he is?!
B-But you always try to get out of monster extermination quests!
Seriously!
C-Calm down, everyone!
You must think
Hey, that doesn't work for me!
I understand. In that case, you can count on me.
You're usually so wishy-washy! Why the sudden streak of manliness?!
Arue is a classmate of ours from the village who wants to be an author.
Megumin, why are you so calm about this?
Th-That's right!
What should we do, Megumin?!
But what are you gonna do?
I have... f-friends... there.
The man with the easiest-to-level class,
The girl who's been useless as of late, except at calling in familial favors!
So show me the respect a goddess deserves!
after damaging my merchandise, you poverty-stricken goddess?!
Kazuma, there aren't any male orcs left in the world!
And on the rare occasion that one is born,
Go ahead and tell me all the dirtiest fantasies you've kept bottled up!
P-Please stop!
Now, how about you introduce me to what you've got down here?
But he's so shy!
We only just started this journey.
I just remembered some business I had back home.
You just won't admit it!
Hey, cut it out!
Go on, get!
I seem to recall you saying my magic is a joke.
Explosion!
How about it, Kazuma?! What score would you give that Explosion?!
I... kill... you.
We heard an explosion in the distance...
We were told that the village might be in danger.
Hey there. I'm called Satou Kazuma.
That was just me sending you an update!
Hey, want some candy?
Look at this!
Oh, wow! How'd you do it?! How are you doing that?
It's just that you kept insisting so shamelessly that you're only friends...
You really shouldn't. It's embarrassing.
I can?! Yay!
You feed Chomusuke and say,
Considering she said all that, I'm sure there's more to you than it seems.
Since you're in the same party as her,
so once Megumin's rested up, we should get out of here
Everyone's already asleep,
Lock.
The door's been locked from outside with magic!
No one can get in here, and I can't get out!
I bet if Megumin sued me, I could win!
If I had known this would happen, I would've!
I could have the best excuses in the world, and no one would care!
It's fine! I can win!
Spell what out?!
That's a good point. Sorry.
I think I was a bit confused, since I just woke up...
Damn you! You tricked me!
Why don't we have a nice, leisurely day, and then stay one more night?
You and the others should enjoy your sightseeing, Kazutrash.
Is something wrong, Kazuma-san-who-tried-to- mess-with-Megumin-while-she-was-sleeping?
Well, there was a tomb where an evil god was sealed away,
and a piece of land where a nameless goddess was sealed away,
I'm honestly surprised the village hasn't heard of my exploits yet!
to our magic academy, the Red Prison!
to show you around our distinguished magical academy!
I am called Arue...
I-I just don't have a cool nickname yet!
It's Funifura! You did that on purpose! You totally did, didn't you?!
Th-This guy is a rookie adventurer,
Isn't that...
Yunyun, I thought you could only do intermediate magic!
When I was a student, in order to learn Explosion magic,
I see. Buying time until your allies arrived, then?
That crusader is an accomplished warrior who fought the Devil King's general, Vanir!
Did you finally cross the line?!
You beast! Kazuma, you beast!
O-Oh...
Axel's weakest adventurer, and foremost at getting into trouble!
Let me out! Let me out, please!
Mom! Kazuma froze the window shut!
Feels like we're an old couple in a cold stretch.
Do you want me to cling to you that badly?!
The Devil King Army is attacking! The Devil King Army is attacking!
Aqua! One of the Devil King's generals is out here!
It's Chunchunmaru.
What has been up with me lately?
Now, sweetie, stop breathing so heavily...
she who has synthesized and modified her own body!
Let's become one again.
How can you be so oblivious?!
thanks to my awesome popular phase!
Settle down!
The barrier breaker isn't working?
You're even better than I'd hoped.
Still...
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, and away you go!
Hey, you, stop that! Hold it right there!
Kazuma! Are you all right?
Where's Sylvia?
Ah! 3
Well done, outsider!
Say something, damn it!
Why do you do this every damn time?! We need to get out of here, fast!
Let's run! We need to get out of here, fast!
So I'll spare you.
Time for some well-deserved payback!
Sylvia! Sylvia!
Oh, our visitors.
I-It's okay...
I'm so sorry. It was me who let that thing out!
Yeah!
Hey, sorry to interrupt during the big speeches, but I don't like any of this.
Hey...
Kazuma, what are you doing?!
Quit sending dumbasses into this world!
Well, do you?!
I am called Shikobei! The foremost fisherman among the Crimson Demons,
and future leader of this village!
Snipe.
so I'm going to run off.
It just didn't have enough magic power!
Verdia and Hans?!
Come... with us...
Wha?!
You can't hide the truth from a demon that reads minds.
That said, if the village is destroyed, our arrangement can't be completed...
Damn it, fine!
Yunyun?!
My daughter... You can't die, Megumin!
and you never run out of crazy ideas.
Is this...
You were already shining!
Power... surging!
That magic can't take my life!
Even with my higher than average luck stat,
But ain't that what adventuring's all about?
A toast to your adventure!
Warriors deserve cheers every now and then.
One thing before we go in. Don't you dare throw a fit, got it?
I'm a goddess, a bona fide deity!
Do you not even serve tea at this shop?
I'll bring some for you right away!
I-I'm not!
Um...
It's common knowledge that it's best to avoid them like the plaguea pox or another disease,
Oh, yes.
Got you!
Sometimes, I would be walking down the corridor...
Um...
How about "Drain Touch"?
I'm disappearing!
This is the place?
But the landlord certainly is generous, allowing us to live here as a reward if we can exorcise it.
Leave it to me!
But don't worry. This spirit isn't a bad girl.
Whoa!
Well, I think we can call it a day and do whatever.
So, um, I was going to have Aqua protect me...
Let go.
I'm here.
I can't wait any longer!
What are you chanting?
I'll use the Drain Touch skill I just learned
but even the guild was bothered
Constantly going all the way to the cemetery was a huge pain.
We won't accept the special reward from the guild.
Kazuma-san.
Hello. Are you cleaning the gravestone?
Oh, you can toss Kazuma's tracksuit on it!
I told you, leave my precious mementos alone!
the highest level in the party.
Oh, what's this?
run by succubi, where they give you sweet dreams?
Come right this way.
You too, big boys. Over here.
Y-Yes!
Y-Yes?
Is this your first visit to our shop?
Please do.
we succubi give male adventurers dreams that bring them relief.
Yes!
Although I have no idea what a "2D waifu" is.
In terms of, you know, regulations and stuff?
I've never been more glad that I joined this party than I am today.
Art isn't something produced on demand.
Did the food my family sent not suit your tastes?
At least eat lots, then.
Ah... Huh?
what you mean by a "dream," and what's going on herethis is all about...
U-Um...
Have some sense of decency.One can only be so unsensible, you know.
Totally...
Everyone, some freak broke into the mansion!
Huh?
Look, look!
I'll exorcise this freak right away.
I'm using the strongest exorcism spell in the
Go.
I'll try to forget about it, too.
Wha
All citizens, evacuate at once!
Did not any of the creators leave behind any countermeasures?
The townspeople will lose their homes.
Got any bright ideas?
Otherwise, I'll prove just how crazy I am, right here and now!
I don't think my Explosion can take it down with a single cast.
Hey, Darkness. I know you like taking on strong enemies,
but you might want to set aside your fetishes for this one and join me at the rear
A-Ahem.
Megumin-san, together with me now!
You just said the one thing even worse than mocking my name!
Come on, let's go back and celebrate!
Kazuma!
Hi, I'm Kazuma.
I'm going in too!
Come on, you useless goddess!
What?! Come on, he had to have one!
Shit, dude!
Um, Kazuma-san...
I should be able to cast Teleport now!
But the problem is that I have limited control over the destination.
I can send it away immediately if I do a random teleport, but...
Huh?
I know, I know.
That was the lead-in to the Goddess of Party Tricks' best zinger, right?
No, you idiot!
I'm trying to use Drain Touch as effectively as possible!
Be grateful that I'm not shoving it down the front!
I'll be able to cast the biggest Explosion of my life with this!
A little more... Just a little more.
No one's beating me when it comes to quality explosion magic!
What about the girl I pushed out of harm's way?
That tractor was going to stop before it hit her.
Stop! Stop!
My name is Aqua.
Monsters trample underfoot the life and culture that its citizens built up from naught!
All live in fear of the demon army's merciless pillage and slaughter!
Um, quick question.
So all you need to do is choose a powerful ability or piece of equipment.
What might I lose?
Goodbye, shut-in life! Hello, new world!
Oh, right.
Why would I care where someone stuck a pile of rocks?
You seem like such a capable guy.
Please take your time.
And now you're back to being useless.
Allow me to formally explain.
This is your registration card.
so please work hard to raise your level.
What's going on?
Aside from your below average intelligence,
The mage class is out of the question, as that requires intelligence,
Without further ado, welcome to our adventurer's guild, Aqua-sama.
What what?
Let's take a day trip for a kill quest.
This isn't how I imagined life in a parallel world would be.
It's almost noon.
So, what happened to a world in turmoil and under siege by the Demon King?
Our neighbor's the only demon for miles!
You can count on me!
Save meWhoa!
And
Thank you!
No one's coming.
Hey, let's lower the bar a little.
Advanced classes only is asking too much.
We won't get anyone at this rate.
Huh?
Are you just here to laugh at us?
If it were ever removed,
Nah, not really.
Right. You got it.
Today, I'll show you the true power of a goddess!
I desire for my torrent of power a destructive force:
In short,
so now I can't move a muscle.
shouldn't you be able to use other magic, too?
I'm an archwizard who loves explosion magic above all else.
Wonderful! Simply wonderful!
What choice do you have but to sign a long-term contract with me?
I don't mind all that.
No, no, no, no.
What debauchery have they suffered at the mercy of that decadent?!
I-It's not like that!
I can even endure that slimy thing we did with the frogs
It's not worth it.
I have anxiously awaited the arrival of someone such as yourself.
My name is Darkness.
Those two slimy ladies earlier were allies of yours, correct?
What?!
I was so worn out, I slept until noon.
If you spend points on that entry, you'll learn it.
No, there certainly is not!
Come, now, and walk the path of explosions with me!
That won't do, Darkness.
You can't be so pushy.
Hey! My wallet!
Huh...
You're an adventurer, aren't you?
"Nature's Beauty"?
Five points for a measly party trick?!
Steal!
What's this?
Where have you been?
And then he asked me to decide how much they'd be worth to sell!
He said if I didn't, they'd be displayed and revered as a family heirloom from now on!
So, Kazuma, were you able to learn the thief skills?
Darkness,
there's something I have to tell you.
but we honestly intend to defeat the Demon King.
For you in particular, Darkness.
You all ready for this?
I'll protect you.
What's the emergency quest?
Can I go home and get back to bed?same
Kazuma.
I-I can't!
No, I'm just a solidly-built woman.
and preserved the freshness of the harvested cabbage with cold water.
Have you now seen the power of the crimson demon bloodline?
Oh, Kazuma!
Most importantly, you saw my abilities as a crusader.
If I ever do anything detrimental to the party,
Just how many cabbages do you think I caught?!
Lettuce isn't worth very much.
I thought my reward for this quest would be enormous,
Kazuma actually looks like a real adventurer.
Oh, they've had some bad experiences with frogs.
"Another"? You mean it's happened before?
Is that an abandoned castle?
o-on my castle every single day?!
Why are you looking at me?
Megumin?
So it was you?
An archwizard who commands explosion magic!
Casting Explosion on your castle daily
You came alone, right into the trap. Like a rat.
Are you saying you don't intend to stop using explosion magic, no matter what?
Oh? What do we have here?
How about I make that crimson demon girl suffer a bit?
It seems I'm unharmed.
You should have done as I said.
I won't give in to a mere curse!
Huh?
Give it up, you two. Don't do all this for me.
Hup!
Being lauded as the chosen hero...
P-Please!
I'll give it everything I've got this time!
The reward is 500,000 eris."
Hey, check this one out!
I would like to have the water purified.
The monsters will move to a different habitat if the lake is purified
The goddess of party tricks, right?
Five minutes?
Half a day or so?
Too long!
Please, I'm begging you!
simply touching the lake should be enoughpurify it.
No sign of monsters anywhere.monsters are showing up.
Hey, Aqua!
Sounds like she's doing fine.
But I'm sorry, so please don't do that.
You idiot! You just jinxed it!
No way!
Purification! Purification!
It seems the lake is fully purified.
Yes, Aqua. The entire 300,000 eris is yours.
We are the only ones who can defeat it!
Only he could defeat the Ancient Dragon with a single blow!
I've heard it before!
Yeah...
Who are you?
Huh?
Is there no limit to your impertinencerudeness?!
You two are...
A crusader and an archwizard?
You have such excellent people here,
Can I blow him up? Can I please blow him up?yes bby
Knave, knave, knave!
W-Wait just a second!
Come on. Come on!
So, please, join my party
It's the truth!
You!
Though in death, I fell to evil, in life, I strove to be an upstanding knight.
shouldering my curse in your worthless place, dying in vain
Are you really a beginner?
N-No!
Someone run to the church and bring back all the holy water they've got!
Huh?
Why?!
Wielder of the finest magic crimson demons possess, commander of explosion magic!
Who imagined that you could annihilate my underlings?
Wh-When Mitsurugi-san gets here, he'll slay you in a single blow!
I say do it, if you've got the balls!
he's left only parts of my armor intact,
I've already got a big, black monster publicly shaming me from the fore!
But thanks for buying me time!
and the dark gods for this chance to duel with you.
Stop that, you pests!
Damn it! I'm gonna run out of mana!
Is this some new game you're playing?What sort of game are you playing?
Soccer is...
Leave it to me!
Sacred Turn Undead!
and screamed at me for charging straight into swarms of monsters.
I see. Darkness-san has a lot on her mind, huh?
Don't worry.
How 'bout a drink, Kazuma?
I'm going to join you, defeat the Demon King,
"Useless goddess"...
Sneak away...
Could you at least worship me for that?!
Just imagining a pack of wild beasts making a mess of me...
A kill quest for a One-Shot Bear!
I read the monster's name and thought, "Friends, sure. Enemies, hell no."
"The mobile fortress 'Destroyer' approaches!
Hey, wait.
Kazuma!
Let me tell you why adventurers don't go on Snow Sprite kill quests.
One of the most powerful and most wanted monsters in the country,One of the specially designated monsters
But the only people stupid enough to run around outside in the winter
Come on, people! Throw down your weapons and bow down!
Get that sword out of your hand!
H-Huh?
Get your butt back here, Kazuma!
Who do you think you are, talking to the elite goddess in charge of Japan like that?!an elite in charge of Japan, that way?!
Huh? Oh, uh, yes!
Come on.
N-Now, now... Calm down, Aqua!
Okay, retreat.
A Snow Sprite?
I didn't only prostrate myself.
I bet it'd taste delicious with a sprinkle of sugar.be delicious to put some sugar on it and eat it.
Actually, I'm feeling peckish, myself.
Huh?
For a magician as great as I am,
What?!
Maybe one that secretes scummy slime,
Unfortunately, you passed away moments ago.
Thank goodness.
I've been doing this for a long time,
Stop! Stop!
so fapping
is under assault by the Demon King's army!
Um, quick question.
I-I'm not a geekotaku!
Huh?
Hey, what's going on?
Wait! Wait!
we shall send someone to retrieve you.
Isn't there a bare minimum of starter equipment I should
Huh? You're supposed to be some geeky shut-in.
Thank you. Up we go...
I want to be an adventurer and fight the Demon King's army.
How did you make up a story like that on the spot?
Okay.
How come you were such an antisocial geek with no friends or girlfriend?
Huh? Registration fee?
Please choose your desired class based on your stats.
What's going on?
The mage class is out of the question, as that requires intelligence,
I thought you absolutely hated all this.
It'll be fine. You've got me with you. It'll be over in a flash!
So, what happened to a world in turmoil and under siege by the Demon King?
Besides, he wouldn't go out of his way to attack a city with nothing but novice adventurers in it.
you'll hand your food over without resistance.
Hey! Wait, Aqua!
Now repent in the pits of Hell!
There's no way the two of us can take them on alone.
Um...
That red eye... Are you a crimson demon?
This is a magic item that suppresses my mighty magical powers.
You mean it's a seal?
Stop... Stop it!
If you ask me, everyone else has weird names.
Hey, I have a name, you know.
It's best to just ignore it.
Wh-What?! These frogs may be strong against physical attacks,
May you roll in your grave for eternity!
Megumin! Let's regroup and
In short,
I stink... I stink!
Hey, wait right there!
If your level is high enough to use explosion magic,
I mean, I snagged all the party trick skills
I see!
Once we reach the guild, we'll split the reward evenly!
Hey, I wish you wouldn't try to tear my hand away!
You get more useless by the second!
Look! Both those girls are covered in slime!
I'll perform any erotic act you choose!
Very good work.
I went up four levels all at once.
I happened to see your recruitment poster.KAYANO AI KITA
Look out! That truck
Welcome to the afterlife.
I died of shock?!
so the population is declining.
So we thought, "Why not reincarnate people from other worlds there with their bodies and memories intact?"
So all you need to do is choose a powerful ability or piece of equipment.
I've got plenty.
Should you successfully defeat the Demon King,
If you do, the gods will grant any wish you desire!
No!
Look at what I'm wearing. I'm in a tracksuit.
I'll work out the rest on my own.
What do I do? Huh? What am I gonna do?
Never seen you 'round here before.
How come you were such an antisocial geek with no friends or girlfriend?
You there, priest! State your denomination!
This must be fate. I saw earlier that you couldn't cover the fee, correct?
Thank you very much.
He didn't even believe that I'm a goddess.
Of course, luck isn't a very essential stat for an adventurer.
An almighty class that commands all recovery and support magic
It's the start of an adventurer's life for us, Kazuma!
We didn't come here to be transmigrant workers.
Yeah. You can count on me.
Now that I think about it,
Minimum wage?
Fair labor standards?
Good morning.
It's almost noon.
This city is the furthestis the furthest city from the Demon King's castle.
Save me, O great Aqua!
Well, if you put it that way...
Tell it to the frog!
Let's try again after we get better equipment.
You will rue the day you humiliated me
We're total noobs with no decent equipment.
a great catastrophe would surely befall this world.
Also, if she really can use explosion magic, that's amazing!
Well, go ahead and order something, archwizard.
Explosion magic is the strongest magic.
Today, I'll show you the true power of a goddess!
This is the mightiest means of attack known to man,
I used up all my mana,
That's information I didn't need to know.
You follow your heart's desire knowing perfectly well that it makes you ineffectual! I'm moved!
If we ever meet again, your drink's on me
All right, I get it!
So just defeating monsters really does make you stronger?
My name is Darkness.
so please use me as a shield!
There!
Heck, is there any other skill more worthwhile to learn?
there are all sorts of thief skills, like "Enemy Detection" and "Lurk,"
And that's how you use it.
You're on!
These rocks!
if he'd just return my panties.
Hey!
So, Kazuma, were you able to learn the thief skills?
Well, see for yourself.
allowing you to change jobs from "adventurer" to "pervert"?
H-Huh? That's strange.
You must let me join your party!
Hey, Kazuma,
Hey, this lady is a crusader!
Darkness,
Aqua and I may not look like much,
You'll be surely to suffer a horrendous fate!
In fact, this concerns you most of all.
I repeat:
Oh, no! Oh, no!
You all ready for this?
Kazuma, stay close.
Mayo me up, baby!
What the fuck is going on?!
and finally, quietly pass away uneaten
and will go for 10,000 eris per head!
I-I can't!
As a knight, I must learn from her example.
let the collapse of thine origin manifest.
All I'm good for is shielding others from harm.
You weren't half bad yourself!
and completely immobilized them using Steal.
Kazuma, in the name of the goddess Yours Truly,
but don't expect me to be much help offensively.
Our party's roster is pretty impressive!
Megumin's an archwizard,
don't hesitate to discipline me abusively.
It's the type of thing some wannabe-aristocrat nouveau's son would wear.
You were the one who said we'd keep our rewards for ourselves on this one!
Please! Just to pay my tab!
I hear you rustling around beside me some nights,
so I'm sure you'd like a private room as soon as possible.
I paid my tab, but I don't have any lunch money!
Huh? What the heck?
No! No way!
Come on, what the hell?
These quests are all suicide missions!
I can't do that!
Is that an abandoned castle?
That felt amazing.
and moments later, the pressure waves stroked my skin like a skilled and thorough masseuse.
To be bluntFrankly, I'm starting to think we should just give up on taking down the Demon King.
you should think up some kind of money-for-nothing-chicks-for-free business.
Just about any girl would cry if you spoke your mind to them.
He looks crazy strong!
o-on my castle every single day?!
Why are you looking at me?
I don't want to die!
If you want to pick a fight with one of the Demon King's vassals,
and there's a whole town of adventurers behind her, so she's acting tough.
Wh-What should I do, Kazuma?
and tell me to shut up and submit to him if I want the curse removed,
You may do as you please with my body,
I don't want to go.
I'll resist as long as I can, so don't stop me now!
Please, don't.
If you're able to make it all the way to me, I'll lift the curse.
Shall we go together, then?
Isn't that how it's supposed to be?
I've had enough! I'm sick of being in debt!
Thanks to the dullahan, there are only tough ones left, but it's better than nothinglet's take one!
I'm sick of working part-time in the shopping district!
My savings are starting to run outwhittle down to nothing, anyway,
so go find a decent quest for us.
Got it!
Half a day or so?
Too long!
I see.
Seems that way.
is not to be used on the likes of mere alligators.
It's going well!
I still haven't seen any alligators.
Purification! Purification!
Don't you dare.
Kyouya? Where are you going?!
The outside world is scary. I'm not going out there.
Huh?
I didn't say anything.
Good Goddess!
You know him, don't you? He was calling you a goddess.
That's right! I'm a goddess!
I've sent along so many people!
Hey, creeper alert?
Can I blow him up? Can I please blow him up?yes bby
Steal!
Only Kyouya can use that cursed sword!
No!
Hey, wait! Tell me who's spreading that around!
Damn you!
What?
You inhuman wretches!Match to E5
What?!
We're not casting any explosion magic on you anymore.
No, stop! Please hear me out!
My body just craves something big and hard.
I can't snag any sweet quests because of him!
shouldering my curse in your worthless place, dying in vain
Huh?
What's this?
Hey, I'm laughing here, you stupid undead!
Do you think a beginninglow-level adventurer's magic can
No fair!
You idiot! Stay away from me!
Megumin, start chanting and stand by!
Now!
Thank you! Thank you, Kazuma!
No need to fear!
What?
he's left only parts of my armor intact,
Bring it on!
C-Consider the time and place yourself, Kazuma!
Now, then, I'll put an end to this farce.
Damn it! I'm gonna run out of mana!
Is this some new game you're playing?What sort of game are you playing?
His weakness is water!
I can use flood-class water magic.
I'll show you what a goddess is capable of!
Are you a complete imbecile?!
Let's show him a bit of mercy.
Oh?
For Heinz, who teased me, saying, "Fan me with that huge sword of yours!
Darkness is being super stingy and telling me I'm too young to have any!
Who would've thought you'd defeat one of the Demon King's vassals?
A light that shines on the gates of Hell...
Now that we've acquired great wealth,
It's a big problem for me if I can't fight strong enemies anymore!
Is it a check? It's a check, right?
Actually,
Wait.
This magician's treacherous and bloody quest
I died again.
from our rewards every time we return from a quest?! It's like a payday loan on crack!
Did you find a good quest?
Naturally, however, I'm all for a quest.
That's my name.I'm Kazuma.
One slight tap, and it's Plop Goes the Kazuma!
A Snow Sprite kill quest?
These are Snow Sprites?
I'm a genius, right?
Hey, you okay?
Wha?!
with a huge bounty on its head!the country has put a huge bounty on!
I'll resist him,
You're forcing me to bow my head when I don't want to,
only to befall such a fate.
I-If possible,
and a life where a beautiful girl as my childhood friend!
Yes.
I chose to be reincarnated, thinking I'd get to go on a thrilling adventure, like in a game.
We tried recruiting a party,
but I did construction, random side jobs, and got forced into cabbage hunting.
May you be blessed once more with kind encounters in your new life.
Get your butt back here, Kazuma!
P-Please wait a moment!
you can't be revived again!
Aqua!
I can't be revived again since I've been reincarnated once before!
Eris?!
That goddess who thinks she's hot stuff's gotten all cocky just because she's got a following in this hole
Your name was Kazuma, correct?
Like words of gratitude,
Goddess exchange!
How do you feel?
Way to go, Aqua!
Let her keep it, Kazuma.
and when summer comes, you'll make me lots of ice.
They look so fluffy and soft.
Huh?
Let go, you sh-NEET!
I'll burn this shop to the ground in the name of the gods
A goddess's servant learning a lich's skills?! Not on my watch, sh-NEET boy!
Whoa there, Wiz. No need to obey her orders.
so when I heard that she's the head goddess of the Axis sect...
I'm sorry!
and there's no bounty for defeating me, either!
So basically,
Kazuma, it's annihilating time.
I still have something that I need to do.
Oh?
Wiz is apparently known as a famous magician in this city,
You could call me an anti-undead expert!
Having my own room is a wonderful thing!
I see. Good night, then. See you tomorrow.
Turn Undead! Turn Undead!
Scary! Scary! This is super scary! What the hell?!
Aqua! Save m
Is she? I'm sure Darkness is with her, then.
Hey, Megumin,
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, Megumin, hurry up!
I know you're in a tough spot, too!
I can't go if you rush me!
I can't wait any longer!
Crimson demons don't use the bathroom.
Feel free to use it.
Maybe... I'll use... the vase.
Damn... We're gonna have to fight!
Megumin, as soon as I open the door, run!
The place where we first met Wiz?
Hey. You know what's going on, don't you? Spill it.
Yes.
Not at all. I personally think this was for the best.
If you don't, your long-awaited lunch will get cold!
Your stats haven't risen at all since we started adventuring.
Kazuma, you fool!
Looks like I have no choice but to use my deadly teleport.
H-Hey, Megumin! That's not fair.
Is there something down this alley or something?
Yes.
On the other hand,
if he were to make a move on a female adventurer sleeping nearby,
Really?
Oh, what about "partner preferences"?
Not at all. It's a dream, after all.
I just... How to say this...
Please choose whatever you like.
As thanks to us party members for always looking after their daughter!
If you told me I could eat this crab
I would gladly resist,
Drink up, me hearties!
It's my thanks for everything.
Wh-Wh... Wh-Wh-Wh...
Still, why are you appearing in my dream?
Wh-What are you talking about?
If that happens, why don't we all just get in together?
Wh-Why, you...
Next you lose the towel.watBoobs can function as scrubbers
I may be naive and inexperienced, but I know when something's wrong!
Come on...
Come on...
That's Aqua's voice!
Imma wreck her!
I'll bet you're her target, Kazuma.
I cannot allow you to humiliate yourself.
But...
Besides, I'd say you're part of the problem,
Yeah, unfortunately, I don't remember a thing.
Hey, it's not like you're really some inexperienced young noblewoman.Point being that we learn that she is one in E10.
Kazuma!
They say it leaves nothing in its wake, not even a blade of grass.
Why?
Maybe, but I won't know until I try.
Hey, wait!
I don't think my Explosion can take it down with a single cast.
I'm a qualified adventurer, so I've come to help.
And don't call her "the penniless shopkeeper." It sounds terrible.
Don't you know?
But do you really think I'm such a slave to my own desires?
Yeah. Obviously.
Protecting the livelihoods of my countrymen is both my duty and my honor.
You just said the one thing even worse than mocking my name!
Justice, fallen upon the infallible boundary,
You did it, Megumin.
I can't stand it any longer!
Tee-hee-hee! Whee!
Let's go home. We can come back tomorrow.
A member of the crew?
So I told them to bring me some legendary coronatite or something.
The guy who made this thing's a fucking retard.
Um, Kazuma-san...
Oh, good.
But what if it ends up somewhere densely populated?
and it's still detecting the savory aroma of danger.
Wait! If you pump her full of my holy mana, she'll disappear!
The star takes the stage.
Megumin!
Don't suck out too much, okay?!
You've taken a ton of my mana. Like, a lot.
Oh, are they coming to deliver our reward in person?
They were swallowed by Giant Toads, so the slime
Thank you!
Does that mean if I have you teach me,
No, there certainly is not!
Hey, calmcalm down, token loli.
How about thief skills?
They don't take many points to learn, and they're useful.
Here I go. Watch carefully.
Right! I'm ready, Chris-san!
Hey, how about a little gamble?
You're on!
Steal: one point.
Five points for a measly party trick?!
Any time you're ready!
I hit the jackpot!
He's just as I suspected!
Um, it's a bit drafty, so please give me back my panties.
but we honestly intend to defeat the Demon King.
Uh-huh.
Wait, what?
Did I say something strange?
We're picking a fight with the strongest being in this world.
There's no need to stay in a party with a death wish
In fact, this concerns you most of all.
Kazuma, stay close.
A scratch!
Never!
As a knight, I must learn from her example.
in the name of the crimson demons,
Aqua's Nature's Beauty was also splendid.
Just doing the healing that archpriests are supposed to do!
Couldn't anyone do that?
Once again, I look forward to working with you!
but today, I remarkably made up my mind to go out.
A girl from my high school?
Huh? Then what happened?
Did I die by getting plowed over by a tractor?
Huh?
Uh, right.
You like games, don't you?
This world,
which has long enjoyed peace,
Everyone lives in fear of the Devil King's army's merciless pillage and slaughter!
Slaughter!
Since it's that sort of world, everyone refuses to be reborn,
I just heard you mention something really serious.
If I'm going to a world where magic exists, I absolutely have to try magic out!
This girl!
Pick one thing to bring to this parallel world, right?
but I have no fighting ability to speak of!
I don't want to go to a parallel world with a man like this!
Now, go forth on your journey!
What am I going to do if everyone thinks I'm friends with a crazy woman?
Look at what I'm wearing. I'm in a tracksuit.
Here I am in a fantasy world and all I have is a single tracksuit.
Times like these call for guilds.
Why are you so reliable?
You can call me "Goddess" if you like,
Thanks for your business.
Haven't seen you around here before.
Listen, Aqua.
but I guess that's how it works in worlds like this, right?
Exactly. All right, let's go.
Don't lump "shut-in" and "NEET" together.
You dragged me here without any warning.
You there, priest! State your denomination!
Yes, the object of worship for the Religious Order of Axis: the goddess Aqua!
Uh, yes. I'm sorry.
S-Sure...
Something told me she didn't want to make eye contact with us.
Well then, allow me to formally explain.
so please work hard to raise your level.
Here it comes!
What's going on?
What? Does that mean I'm really amazing?
but other than that, you can be anything you want!
W-We're sorry!
Say,
I was just thinking.
Fair labor standards?
Don't "good morning" me.
Oh, man, this is hysterical!
Giant Toads.
If you want me to save you,
Aqua-sama!
Don't get eaten!
She smells awful!
I'm all dirty now.
Repent in the pits of Hell!
God Blow!
N-Now that I've had a good look, I think frogs are pretty cute.N-Now that I have a good look, I think frogs are pretty cute.
We risked our lives and only got part-time construction work pay...
At this rate, not a single person will come.
Um...
I am Megumin, user of the finest magic crimson demons possess!that
Please cut it out!
so please just slowly put it back where it was.
and all have weird names.
Sorry. I thought you were making fun of us.
You were talking gibberish and gave us that weird name.
Hey!
Oh, she just calls herself one. It's rather sad.
As expected of a goddess...
Justice, fallen upon the infallible boundary,
appear now as an intangible distortion!
Huh?
I never expected a frog to pop up so close by.
Y-You guys!
I can only use explosion magic.
Even I didn't learn all the arch priest spells
What the heck would you use "party trick" skills for?
explosion magic is still the only magic I'll ever love!
Based on these two fights,
You got dumped by another party, didn't you?!
that comes to around 36,000 eris each.
Requirements: rune knights or sword masters only.
It's an adverse effect of my long life as a shut-in!
My calling is that of a crusader.
It's more abhorrent than I could've ever imagined.
No, wait!
Her eyes are scaring me...
She's setting off my danger sensor.
It's telling me something's up with her, just like with Aqua and Megumin.
Actually, is there any other skill more worthwhile to learn?
Crap!
N-No need to worry!
You can't be so pushy.
This girl is my friend, I guess?
I'm sure it would come in handy.
Hey! My coin pouch!
Learn this thief skill yourself,
Steal: one point.
"Nature's Beauty"?
But then he told me to decide what they were worth on my own!
and I command explosion magic!
It can't be! No one told me it was happening today!
Harvest time!
let's catch as many as possible,
This is a perfect opportunity.
She's not hitting a single one!
I'll handle this! Get away while you can!
are looking at my skin and getting aroused!
I can't believe she's going to such lengths to protect them!
None can stand in opposition to my lethal explosion magic.
of the kingdom of demise!
You blew away the entire swarm of cabbages in a single blow!
Have you now seen the power of the crimson demon bloodline?
Steal!
I'm far too clumsy, and my attacks hardly ever hit their mark.
I'm looking forward to working with you.
I wouldn't have any real reason to refuse if she were a normal ally, either.
You never show any mercy, do you, Kazuma?
What was that?!
I guess high luck makes all the difference.
K-Kazuma-san!
I thought my reward for this quest would be pretty hefty,
You know what comes next.You know what's next.
But that was because I thought I'd be the only one raking it in!
You're real scum.
I'm going to use this money to escape life in the stables once and for all!
so I'm sure you'd like a private room as soon as possible
Got it! All right, I got it!
Kazuma, allies sure are great, huh?
I was thinking of going for a sword-mage style, with no shield. sword mage
Only your words seem mature, huh?Only the things you say sound mature.
Not the frogs!
They got eaten head-first and covered in slime.
There are only high difficulty quests left!
If I did that, who would carry me home?
Hey, right here's fine, isn't it?
Left dead broke, Aqua worked hard at her part-time job every day.
On invigorating, early morning walks...
Explosion!
It feels reallypretty good today.
That's a great attitude.
Also, hurry up and teach me recovery magic, the last thing you've got going for you.
If you're feeling stressed out,
Hey, what's going on?
I can't use explosion magic!
I don't want to die yet!
We crimson demons must unleash explosion magic once a day, or we'll die.
Don't make up convenient lies!
Guess I have no choice.
I don't care if you're one of the Devil King's leaders!
What do we have here?
You will die in one week.
Darkness!
You're bothering that Dullahan guy!
If you wish to lift the curse on that crusader, come to my castle. from
nail Dullahan with a direct hit of my explosion magic,
Sacred Break Spell!
For me, lifting Dullahan's curse is child's play!
Oh, it was nothing. Actually, maybe it wasn't!
That's not "all right!"
"There's a place where a Manticore and a Griffin are fighting over territory.
Hey, check this one out!
Are you actually capable of purifying water?
Do you not see mythe beautiful water-colored eyes and hair?!
Help me out, Kazuma-san!
Hey, Aqua.
No monsters are showing up.
Seems that way.
It's going well!
I don't...
Crimson demons really don't use the bathroom, okay?
It would be great if this kept up and things ended peacefully.
Hey, that line is bound to trigger a flag!
The cage! The cage is making a strange sound!
We'll pull the cage in by the chain and run away!
It just went "crack!"
Hey.
That's my Kyouya!
Blah!
Kyouya is mine!
Hey, Aqua,
Oh, nothing, never mind.
Yes!
Huh? color code?
I have been working hard every day as your chosen hero.
lived a care free life with that reincarnation perk,
seen the slightest
Um,
Give back Gram!
I'm an advocate of true gender equality,
Wh-What?
Uh, no...
I wonder what happened.
She said you're a demon who strips off panties!
What? no edit
You?!
Did you not have the backbone to seek retribution for your ally's death?!
I-If I felt like it, I could massacre every inhabitant of this city!
Do you think low-level adventurer's magic can
He went "Gah!" and all.
Th-That's not it!
If you go the other way, I'll treat you to dinner tonight!
What an ideal situation!
I'll blow them all away later.
It's inevitable that a holy knight would be my opponent!
You even miss stationary targets? So embarrassing!
Hardcore pervert?
Our opponent is a dullahan.
How was he able to dodge my water so adeptly?
A dullahan's weak point is...
What are you trying to do, boy?!
Apologize!
That's enough! Enough, I said!
U-Um... Well...
Soccer is...
a game where you handle the ball with only your feet, not your hands!
Leave it to me!
Do it.
There may have been an old legend like that.
You're going to go back to being a shut-in NEET?
I won't be able to go home!
That day, I groaned wholeheartedly, as if I were coughing up blood:
Wow.
Kazuma, look here!
I'll kill the Snow Sprites she caught, as well.
Th-The Winter Shogun!
and take their form.
Apologize! You hurry up and apologize too, Kazuma!
There may be nobody watching,
but a knight such as myself would never bow her head to a monster.
That's right.
Is she sincerely mourning my death?
She's not like that useless goddess!
With my power,
I shall have you reincarnated in peaceful Japan to an affluent family,
This is a reward for trying my hardest, right?
and a masochistic,
but I did construction, side jobs, and was forced into cabbage hunting.
may you be blessed once more with kind encounters.
It's too soon for you to die!
Eris?!
If Eris gives you any more trouble,
Pads?!
My goodness,
This normally never happens, you know.
Huh? Oh, uh, yes!
Hey, come on, Kazuma.
Like words of gratitude, or an apology for how you've treated such a
Goddess change!
Okay, retreat!
Let her be, Kazuma.
What's with you?
I put a little of the reward from the quest into it, too!
That money was to get us through the winter!
Maybe one that secretes a lot of slime,
Quit screwing around!
Hey, what're you talking about?
Do you not even serve tea at this shop?
Liches love to hang out in gloomy, dismal places.
But people normally can't learn lich skills, right?
Oh,
In fact, I should get change back!
Hey, Aqua, at least hear her out.
I still have something I need to do.
Please wait!
But are you okay with this?
My hand slipped!
What's wrong?
Um, my hand is starting to burn.
Aqua-sama, I'm going to disappear! I'm going to disappear!
But don't worry. This spirit isn't a bad girl.
Whoa!
Knowing Aqua, she isn't the type to let evil spirits
Show yourselves!
Huh? Was there a doll like that in this room?
So, um, I was going to have Aqua protect me...
Yeah, despite how she is, she's a crusader.
look over there and cover your ears for a minute.
while you're taking care of your business
Hey, Megumin, hurry up!
I know you're in a tough spot, too!
I thought that might happen, so I brought this.
Megumin, once I open the door, run!
I'll sic our mad-dog goddess on you all later, damn it!
So I hear.
A community graveyard?
So the spirits had nowhere to go
So I figured if I took away their graveyard,
We won't accept the special reward from the guild.
It's a life-saver that the landlord here is such a nice person.
Say hello to the others for me.
With this, I finally obtained
Darkness! That's not fair!
Go ahead and do as you please.
I don't think your stats have risen at all since I first saw them.
You're mistaken to lump me together with ordinary adventurers.
Those are the rules.
Why are you crying?
Hey, Kazuma!
We acquired a mansion.
Okay...
I definitely couldn't have come tointo a place like this on my own. entered
Okay.
I can hardly wait.
Well, then, I will explain.
I have nothing to feel guilty about, but...
If everyone could be in a constant state of afterglow,
There is not.
I-Is that okay?
Oh, also, please be careful not to drink too much this evening, okay?
If you sleep too soundly, we can't show you any dreams.
I'm back.
It's super high-grade marbled red crab,
Just place a shell filled with crab innards here, and...
A trick of the fingers...
Again, what the heck is a Destroyer?!
Aqua, do it again! Do it again!
What's wrong, Kazuma?
At least eat lots, then.
but I'm going to turn in.
but etiquette is important.
It's kind of new. I like it.
What could it be?
Is me washing your back considered common sense in this situation?
Y-Y-You... ktime? itsP?
Even in my dreams, she gets in my way!
Look, look!
I'm going to use an extraordinarily powerful anti-devil
Kazuma has been charmed by that succubus and is under her control!
Better toss some salt.
Konosuba!
Yeah, there's no helping it.
It was sort of an accident.
so I mightmay as well go with it.
Still, you were kind of overbearing at the time, and a little scary,
Brush up on your common sense a little more.
A knight must never run away,
Did the people who created it prepare any countermeasures?
If you're talking about me, don't call me by that nickname!
Why is she so famous?
Hey, Darkness. I know how stubborn you are,
Okay...
You're up for this, right?!
If I should fail, let's return to the soil together on good terms.
Explosion!
Come on, let's go back and celebrate!
Huh?!
Even though I'm already past level 30...
Huh?! N-No!
I want to go home!
He's already passed on.
but he passed away peacefully, with no lingering attachments.
I told them to bring me some legendary coronatite or something.
It was wiped out!
Still, I feel kind of relieved. I'm satisfied.
The guy who created this must be an idiot!
Can't you do something about this?
What's with that self-serving, wild idea?
Do that!
play dumb at a time like this.
Thank you!
H-Hey! Kazuma-san is drying up!
What a letdown...
I may not look it, but I apparently have good luck!
Understood.
I'd rather just let this
I'm going to share your magical power with Wiz
so she can use explosion magic!
I fell behind earlier, but that was... Yes!
I'm betting on your radiance.
Hey, do you understand?
Hey! Not you, too!
We've reached a compromise.
A little more... Just a little more.
However,
You are currently suspected for the crime of subversion of the state.
My next adventure is calling me.
where I can actually achieve something cool!
All right.
Most of what you caught is actually lettuce.
so I used up all the money I had!
Fine, okay?! Fine!
Thanks, honey, come again!
I want to test out my new staff!
I paid my tab, but I don't have any lunch money!
so there's been a sharp decline in available quests.
Then who would carry me home?I would. I want a Megumin.
Crimson-black blaze, king of myriad worlds,
plosion!
on!
I could feel the shock wave roll through my innards like a side of meat,
The future, huh?
The chef said I could take these leftovers home from the kitchen!
No!
Emergency! Emergency!
If you don't have the nerve,
was all part of my plan to lure you out here, demon vassal!
Shh! Do her a favor and keep quiet!
Guess that's my cue.
An archpriest?
How about I make that crimson demon girl suffer a bit?
I sentence thee to death.
Darkness! Darkness!
You adventurers are always tightly knit in your teams.
Huh?
Those are the eyes of a degenerate who plans to take me back to his castle
and tell me to shut up and submit to him if I want the curse removed,
Huh?
That means physical weapons won't work very well.
Hey, Darkness! We'll get your curse lifted in a jiffy!
Yeah, yeah.
No, they can't.
Hey, wait!
Otherwise, I'll prove just how crazy I am
The emergency quest will now begin!
Hey, Darkness. I know how stubborn you are,
My real name is Dustiness Ford Lalatina.
Don't tell the others.
They did it?
Huh?!
It's no use.
Huh?
Yes, I'm Kazuma.
Huh?!
It's open!
Found it!
but he passed away peacefully, with no lingering attachments.
What's this?
I'm about to become an adult
I'm sorry! Drain Touch!
Do that, then!
But if it goes poorly,
So there was no point in sending the coronatite away!
The star takes the stage.
Konosuba!
I thought my heart was going to stop!
I don't want to be outdone by anyone else
those may have been trials to make me grow.
The coronatite that was teleported at your instruction
Being lauded as the chosen hero...
I want money!
She's likely to bring back a suicide quest.
Please kill both of them.
Hey, check this one out!
and Brutal Alligators have taken residence in it.
Wh-What?
I think I've got a way for you to purify the lake safely.
and blow the lake out of the water.
What kind of person do you two think I am?!uh, a chuuni.
Says the girl who lets it rip every chance she gets.
I still haven't seen any alligators.
Purification!
Don't you dare.
Hey.
Yes, Aqua. The entire 300,000 eris is yours.
Th-That's right! You did all the work this time, after all!
many people could be injured, or even lose their lives.
Hey, now, quit it.
we're in town now, so stop singing that song.
Seriously?
What are you doing in such a place, Good Goddess?!
That's right! I'm a goddess!
Why were you locked up in a cage?
H-Hold on! I'm having lots of fun every day,
but you are a goddess! And yet, this little...
Sure, you're on.
Wh-Wha?
The next time I see that jerk,
I've heard about you from a certain thief girl.
Cough up the repair fee for the cage you broke!
I... I realize that I am in no position to ask you a favor,
Damn you!
Kyouya!
We've kept this to ourselves until now,
You inhuman wretches!Match to E5
but ever since I felt the pleasure of casting them on that castle, well...
My body just craves something big and hard.
Have you not even the decency to turn fortune from your companion's death?!
Huh?
N-No!
Now!
Wielder of the finest magic crimson demons possess, commander of explosion magic!
No need to fear!
Then, until he arrives...
As one whose calling is to protect others,
Huh?
Is this the best shaming the demon army can muster?
I've already got a big, black monster publicly shaming me from the fore!
I can't say I don't like these kinds of surprises, but...
Th-That's not it! This isn't some weird foreplay!
I see. Darkness-san has a lot on her mind, huh?
I want to die.
You're late!
I'm going to live a safe and leisurely life.
and earn the title of strongest magician.
of a popular online game that goes on sale today.
My name is Aqua.
You have two choices:
you can start from zero with a new life,
Yeah, you don't want to go to a boring place like Heaven, do you?
Uh, right.
As a side effect,
Not like that matters, just hurry it up.
Taking a goddess with you is against the rules!
Should you successfully defeat the Devil King,
I may have the ability to heal since I'm a goddess,
There's no way I can beat the Devil King!
No!
More importantly, isn't there something you're supposed to give me at a time like this?
If you need job guidance, head to the counter inside.
Hey.
Why did you seclude yourself every day and act like such a shut-in NEET?
Fine. I guess it's my turn now.
Thank you very much.
so please choose your desired occupation based on your stats.
Without further ado, welcome to the Adventurer's Guild, Aqua-sama.
All of our staff will be looking forward to your future exploits.
Did I?
Wait, this isn't right!
I didn't want to learn such a harsh reality.I didn't want to learn something so realistic.
That's right.
This isn't how I imagined life in a parallel world would be.
Even in a country as wealthydeveloped as Japan,Even in a place as affluent as Japan,
Fair labor standards?
Kazuma, your face is red and you have tears in your eyes!
Giant Toads.
tend to go missing during these frogs' mating season every year.
I'll help you out, you shut-in NEET!
At meal time, when I say "Gimme,"
FurthermoreAnd
Thank you!
She smells awful!
She's normally happy as can be to work up a sweat with the old geezers,
and bared your fangs at the gods!
If I offhandedly decided to recruit members,
Isn't it too quiet today?Aren't there too few people?
Yeah, we really don't have much work.Yeah, we sure have plenty of free time today.
but no prospective future heroes showed up.
I definitely hit the jackpot!
I am Megumin, user of the finest magic crimson demons possess!that
Her one strong suit is healing magic.
a great catastrophe would surely befall this world.
Stop! Stop it!
By the way, what are your parents' names?
Hey!
If you've got something to say about my parents' names, let's hear it!
Understood.
Goddess?
These frogs may be strong against physical attacks,
I beseech thee, combine with my deep crimson.
I stink! I stink!
I don't like any other magic in the detonation family.
I only love explosion magic!
Damn, this wizard's hopeless.
What choice do you have but to make a long-term contract with me?
How awful. That man's going to abandon a little girl!
I've confirmed that you have completed your quest.
Requirements: rune knights or sword masters only.
My name is Darkness.
None of my attacks ever hit their mark.
so please use me as a shield!
It's not just her abilities. She's hopeless to the core.
What do you think of my newly acquired skill?
You seem to be in need of a useful skill.
If you act now, I'll do it for the cost of a drink.
That's dirty!
I'll do it!
I hit the jackpot!
No! G-Give me back my panties!
Hey!
Um, it's a bit drafty, so please give me back my panties.
What you steal should be random...
To strip such a young girl of her panties
Since old times,
Our opponent is the Devil King.
We're picking a fight with the strongest being in this world.
In fact, this concerns you most of all.
Kazuma, stay close to me.
Didn't they say? It's cabbage. Cabbage!
Bring out the mayonnaise!
In this world, cabbages fly.
and will go for 10,000 eris per head harvested!
Wh-What?!
are looking at my skin and getting aroused!
Well, we won't run short on vegetables for a good while!
It's no surprise that those cabbages had a tough time breaching your iron-clad defenses.
It was nothing.
Really?
Don't let her hit you directly!
Kazuma, by my name,
but don't expect me to be a powerhouse in battle.
Kazuma!
You never show any mercy, do you, Kazuma?
Hey, you, what's the meaning of this?!
Th-There's nothing I can do about it!
If nothing praiseworthy about me comes to mind, don't force it.
K-Kazuma-san!
I'm going to use this money to escape life in the stables once and for all!
No, one with super strong monsters that hit with a heavy, pleasant blow!
Honestly!
In other words,
Just use your magic on whatever and let's go back.
Uh, yeah...
though I promulgate the laws of nature,
And that's how
How about some, ma'am? And you, too, mister!
Megumin unleashed magic upon that abandoned castle every day.
of each day's explosion magic.
The explosion's shock waves practically reverberate through my flesh and bones,
You deadbeat who's only useful for party tricks!
That's the situation, so come up with some profitable business that's simple to do.
Emergency! Emergency!
What is it?
at my castle every single day?!
Um, I'm still a novice.
If you don't have the nerve,
My name is Megumin!
Are you making a fool of me?
N-No!
so she's acting tough.
Impossible.
An arch priest?
Darkness!
That crusader will die in one week's time.
I don't even want to understand what Darkness is talking about.
I won't give in to a mere curse!
Konosuba!
However, will you all really be able to make it that far?
Don't...
So rest assured
being lauded as a chosen hero,
I'm sure I'll run out of money eventually, as well,
I get the feeling she'll bring back some insane quest.
This quest is perfect for me!
If you accept it alone, you can keep the whole reward for yourself.
Well, monsters are likely to attack while I'm purifying the lake...
Five minutes?
Please, I'm begging you!
Hey, Aqua.
I think I know a way you can purify the lake safely, but...
Oh, that's true.
If you need to go to the bathroom, let us know!
Did you used to be idols or something?
It would be great if this kept up and things ended peacefully.
It looks kind of fun inside that cage.
All of the alligators appear to have left, too.
If that's enough to make you cry, you should've retired from the quest.
and was reincarnated into this world as a chosen hero.
Kyouya is mine!
It's you, isn't it, My Goddess?!
You dragged the goddess to this world?!
but you are a goddess!
And yet, this little...
Um,
You two are...
I worked my way up from square one,
never once
glimpse of
I enjoy getting hit more than attacking,
If I win, turn Aqua-sama over to me.
C-Coward!
Aqua-sama,
Eh? Uh, sure...
he kept calling Aqua a goddess.
The time is right.
I am Aqua,
Yes, I am the goddess Aqua!
Did you dream that?
No!
All adventurers, please arm yourselves at once
What? no edit
Huh?!
but since I learned the allure of using magic attacks on a castle, well...
so I wanted revenge!
This isn't the only thing I'm deeply offended by.
allowing the death of that crusader, a model knight who
with no idea that we easily dispelled his curse after he left?
That's so pathetic!
Show this lot a glimpse of Hell!
R-Roger!
after witnessing my explosion magic.
Aqua's magic isn't enough to deliver a fatal blow.
Mitsurugi?
you intend to use those strong arms of yours to lewdly torture
In fact, show me what you've got!
That is absolute!
he's left only parts of my armor intact,
leaving me in an even more provocative state than nakedness to publicly shame me!
Huh?!
As long as it's harder for you to dodge, that's enough.
Darkness!
A dullahan's weak point is...
I'm going to run out of magic!
Water is
Are you a complete imbecile?!
will never take possession of my weapon!
We should be all right, now that he's weakened.
Saying a prayer.
I'd love to have a drink with them.
Now you can have that drink together!
I've been waiting for you, Kazuma!
Th-Three hundred million?!
I have something to tell all of you.
Wait!
I'm going to join you, defeat the Devil King,
You won't earn it!
I won't be able to go home!
Is it a check? It's a check, right?!
The reward is 300 million,
Whaddya wanna do today?
The stronger the enemy, the better.
That's my name.I'm Kazuma.
has the stronger one-shot attack with my explosion magic!
It lumbers around, trampling everything in its path.
A Snow Sprite kill quest?
Hey, can't you do something about that outfit?
I'm gonna catch Snow Sprites and bottle them up!
Yeah! Wipe 'em all out!
Roger!
I got eight of them.
He's herecoming!
Yes...
Oshit, oshit, oshit, oshit!
Sprites pick up the subconscious thoughts of the people they encounter and take their form.
I'm in paradise.
I shall reincarnate you again in peaceful Japan, to an affluent family,
Sleeping in the stables didn't restore my HP. It only froze me half to death.
Why?
Huh?!
That goddess who thinks she's hot stuff's gotten all cocky just because she's got a following in this hole
F-Fine! Fine!
An exception! I'll deem this an exception!
You have now been connected to the living world.
Quit blushing and say something!
Fine, you damn sh-NEET!
H-How was I killed?
Don't! Don't!
I'll pet you and love you,
Huh?
For a magician as great as I am,
I brought you back to life today, Kazuma!
Maybe one that secretes scummy slime,
Where am I?
Oh, did I die...
I want money!
Spoil me more!
I'm sleeping at the inn. It's cold!
Just imagining a pack of wild beasts making a mess of me...
I want nothing to do with a monster with such a dangerous sounding name.
so we are recruiting scouts to help predict the route it will take."
It lumbers around, trampling everything.
It's oddly popular with children.
Hey, what are Snow Sprites?
Hey, can't you do something about that outfit?
I'm a little cold, but that in itself is...
Oh, nice going!
There it is!
He's the Snow Sprites' master,
and is also said to evoke the image of winter.
I'll resist him,
You try to go off with monsters willingly all the time!
Kazuma!
Your weapon, your weapon!
I am Eris, the goddess who will lead you down a new path.
Huh?! You can do that?!
I looked in on your life from time to time myself.
and a masochistic,
may you be blessed once more with kind encounters.
Now, return to us, Kazuma!
Huh?!
It's too soon for you to die!
Wh-What?!
You've been reborn once already, so according to the laws of Heaven,
She says that according to the laws of Heaven or whatever,
Huh? What goddess is spouting that nonsense?
The overrated Eris who's grown cocky and even became a unit of currency,
Hey, Kazuma!
My goodness,
This normally never happens, you know.
Kazuma!
Th-This is kind of extremely embarrassing.
Don't you have something to say?
Fine, you damn NEET!
N-Now, now, calm down, Aqua!
Huh?
B-Beheaded?!
Ta-da!
A Snow Sprite?
I didn't only prostrate myself.
I'm going to take this one home and make it a refrigerator!
Hey, what does this little one eat?
Let's order something!
our little secret, okay?
Huh?
I brought you back to life today, Kazuma!
I put a little of the reward from the quest into it, too!
Quit screwing around!
What do you think you're doing to my only memento of Japan?!
I'm a goddess, a bona fide deity!
I'll burn this shop to the ground in the name of the goddess
Konosuba!
and you prepare warm tea even though you're an undead...
Hey! What are you thinking, Kazuma?!
But people normally can't learn lich skills, right?
and you won't receive any bounty for defeating me, either!
Kazuma, let's eliminate her.
It'll just end in us being beheaded.
You don't resent us for defeating Verdia or anything?
I believe my heart is human, even now.
Aqua, sorry, but would you do it?
I'll only absorb a very small amount.
O-Okay then,
Huh? H-Huh?
What are you taking advantage of the moment to do?
no matter how many times they're exorcised.
She enjoys sweet, alcoholic drinks
Having my own room is a wonderful thing!
What?!
A clichd development like this can't be happening!
I could ask you the same. Why are you in Aqua's room?
look over there and cover your ears for a minute.
You just blurted out something outrageous!
What are you suggesting I do with that empty bottle?!
while you're taking care of your business
Kazuma, are you there?
I'm here.
Hey, Megumin, hurry up!
What are you chanting?
Konosuba!
This is obviously wrong.
Got it?
Konosuba!
I'm begging you, please don't cause any more mischief.
If you don't, your long-awaited lunch will get cold!
With this, I finally obtained
Don't!
Darkness! That's not fair!
You idiot.
Anyway, is there something down this way?
Have you heard of a shop covertly run by succubi
Okay.
S-Sure.
Is this your first time at our shop?
or even a 2D waifu would be possible?
I just... How should I put it...
Oh, also, please be careful not to drink too much this evening, okay?
I can't stop myself!
I'll teach you a tasty way to drink this.
Just place a shell filled with crab innards here, and...
Calm down. I'm a man who's capable of self-restraint.
Please give me some, too!
A trick of the fingers...
Aqua, do it again! Do it again!
It's just that I drank with some friends today and don't think I can drink any more.
I see.
Yo.
Still, why were you the one to appear in my dream?
Though, I did write that I wanted a shy older woman who was inexperienced.
If Aqua or Megumin found out about this...
I'm the one who's usually creeped out by you,
so it's nice seeing you shy and embarrassed for a change.
I know I set you to be inexperienced,
Everyone, there's an intruder in the mansion!
I'm positive she was after you, Kazuma.
B-But...
Kazuma, she may be cute, but she's still a devil,
Fine.
since you got caught up in the mood, too.
The mobile fortress, Destroyer, is currently approaching this city!
Like hell we're gonna let the house we finally earned,
This is an impossible game.
If only Mitsurugi-san were here right now...
You can break the Destroyer's barrier?!
Even so, couldn't you at least try it?
we'll need some heavy-hitting magic...
That's right. The crazy one!
What do you say, Megumin?
Hey, Darkness. I know how stubborn you are,
I must protect the inhabitants of this land.
Oh, uh, sure...
Okay...
A certain arch priest's selfish whims
I see.
Sacred...
Break Spell!
You idiot! Why do you love clichs like that?!
It's hopeless! Run for it!
I cannot withdraw until the very end.
Besides, when I think about exposing myself to
I'm going for it!
Even though I'm already past level 30...
I remember now why I'm still in this city of beginners.
Is that a member of the crew?
All done. As of this moment, it's going on a rampage.
I can't get out of this thing, anyway. I can't stop it, either.
Don't screw with us!
but what do we do with this?
But there's a problem.
But if it goes poorly,
it could be sent somewhere densely populated.
It's a big world out there!
It's okay. I'll take responsibility.
I may not look it, but I apparently have good luck!
My sharp sense of smell can sniff out a worthy foe,
Its internally-stored heat is escaping?
At this rate, the city will become a sea of flames!
so if it were to go boom right now...
Hey, I don't have time to deal with you right now!
The star takes the stage.
I'm ready anytime.
I'm betting on your radiance.
Don't absorb too much, okay? Don't absorb too much, okay?!
You should be grateful that I wasn't going to grab you from the front!Just be grateful that I'm not grabbing you from the front!
I don't want to be outdone by anyone else
That's definitely...
We'll give you all our blessings going forward, too!
Why?!
The townspeople will all lose their homes.
Hey, you.
Even so, couldn't you at least try it?
I'm a qualified adventurer, so I've come to help.
but that, at the very least, is how I feel.
Lala What was that?
Don't call me by that name!
The Destroyer will be within sight soon!
Now!
appear now as an intangible distortion!
Come on, let's go back and celebrate!
Besides, when I think about exposing myself to
Hey, Darkness-san is charging in!
I remember now why I'm still in this city of beginners.
Come on, you useless goddess!
I can't get out of this thing, anyway. I can't stop it, either.
The coronatite is out of control.
Now, then...
Is this where you were, Darkness?
All else aside,
My reluctant party of horrible allies...
Kazuma! We've got trouble!
I pray that if I ever get another chance to go to a parallel world,
There.
Listen, Aqua.
One thing before we go in. Don't you dare throw a fit, got it?
Wait! Don't ignore me, freaking sh-NEET!
Even if we broke the barrier right now,
My hand slipped!
Here I go! Hi-yah!
Um...
All of my skills can only be used on an opponent.
I'm disappearing!
Not bad! Yes, not bad at all!
Leave it to me!
I see it. I see it!
Well, I think we can call it a day and do whatever.
Is she? I'm sure Darkness is with her, then.
Hey, what are you doing?
Aren't we friends?
Oh, so you're playing the friendship card?! Then I'll play the race card!
Please don't rush me!
I'm about to explode!
I can't hold it anymore.
Damn... We're gonna have to fight!
I'll sic our mad-dog goddess on you all later, damn it!
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Hello. Are you cleaning the gravestone?
I'm sure she won't be lonely anymore.
Say hello to the others for me.
I told you, leave my precious mementos alone!
Hey, Kazuma.
Huh?
Oh, what's this?
Hey, what're you guys doing here?
We succubi have established
a mutually beneficial relationship with the male adventurers of this city.
And so,
We have customers who want to try it from a female perspective, too.
In terms of, you know, regulations and stuff?
That's true!
Oh, also, please be careful not to drink too much this evening.
No. They say that children who have even a drop sell their souls for drink.
Art springs forth naturally from the soul when the corpus and animus are in harmony.
N-No! The crab is really good!
At least eat lots, then.
H-Hey, Kazu
If that happens, why don't we all just get in together?
Hey, you're being awfully loud. What time do you think it is?
And what part of this is decent in any way?!
Yeah, you're pretty much always strange.
All right.
You always creep me out so badly that I can't even look at you.
N-Now then, that's enough.
but you should still know what comes next!
No! This is wrong!
Huh?
That's Aqua's voice!
B-But...
You accursed succubus! You put me through so much humiliation.
I'll tear you limb from limb!
actually staying in for the ride.
Well, I won't cry over spilt milk.
You were somewhat overbearing and even frightening,
Destroyer alert! Destroyer alert!
Huh?
Fight the mobile fortress, Destroyer?
Why?
At present, the mobile fortress, Destroyer,
If only Mitsurugi-san were here right now.
No, we can't.
Not on hand.
You can break the Destroyer's barrier?!
Then, if we could hit it with some kind of powerful offensive magic...
Stare...
I'm the proprietor of Wiz's Magical Tool Shop.
And don't call her "the penniless shopkeeper." It sounds terrible.
The emergency quest begins now!
They might not consider it such,
Here it comes!
Sacred...
What is this?
I'm going in!
Kazuma-san.
That's definitely not what was on Darkness's mind when she ran in.
It's open!
I wanna go home!
What?! Come on, he had to have one!
A battle-ready mobile fortress on this pittance?From a whole kingdom's taxes, only this?
Please work, dude! I'm begging you!
Now what do we do with this thing?
The heat from the reactor is escaping?
No, you idiot!
Hey! Get back here, you!
Oh, blackness shrouded in light...
Here I go!
Explosion!
It's been a long tutorial.
And now, my adventure will begin for real!
Huh?!
What?!
I need to hack through this boring dull night.
Look, I'm right behind you.
the setting sun we saw was beautiful, right?
Judging from your reaction, I'm guessing you forgot again?
That makes me sad.
Um...
Let's chat again.
I'll tell you the story of how you and I met.
Now pipe down.
I know the odds of it happening are astronomical,
What are you doing, Master?! Get some tissues, pronto!
I know!
Not another word out of you.
I guess you're just gonna have to go buy a new one!
You can't be serious! Look harder!
Hey, launch the voice recorder app...
Hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil?
Pull the other one.
Are you trolling me?Are you doing this on purpose?
Part B
Oh dear, I can't see the monitor through all the tears in my eyes!
S-Sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going.
Who the hell was that just now? She was staring daggers at me.
All right, let's go buy the heck out of that keyboard and then have some fun!
Master? What was that noise just now?
Police officers, thank you for your service.
If you are...
How about this, then?
Where'd all that energy go, huh?
Come on, say something!
She tried to find others, but she was all alone in the darkness
Guess we have no choice but to wait.
All right, let's get this over with!
Tsukihiko?
But we can't let that weird thing run loose!
What? Why are you sticking up for that monster?
Tsukihiko must have left them so he could find his way back.
Let's gather up everything and go kill that monster!
No! Don't go, Mother!
I'm sorry!
No, I do!
'Kay!
Monster!
At least spare the child...
What's that? A girl?
Are you okay?!
S-Stay away!
I-If you look into my eyes, you'll turn into stone!
Th-That's why I have to be alone!
But...
What's that?
Oh, I nodded off...
Huh? Where did that boy go?
Friends?
Are you sure?
Now, back to the studio!
I shall grant your wish.
The only thing I've ever been good at is finding things out.
Look, would you please just listen to what we have to say?
That's why we should join forces and find a way!
We haven't been formally introduced. I'm Kido.
What you got caught in today is a phenomenon that we've experienced as well.
Pipe down for a minute, Kisaragi.
His heart's desire...
Right up until the very end, Mom worried about you guys.
I'm honored you think so.
What do you intend to do about it, then?
You promised you'd stay with us forever!
You big sis isn't so tough after all.
I'm kinda scared...
How utterly appalling. I'm absolutely speechless.
Idiot.
That way, we'll sound like a real secret organization!
Oh, come on! We'd just be calling each other by our last names!
Let's see... What was it again?
Oh, right. I never got a chance to pay my respects.
I said that, too.
Kano?
You're all on edge, but you don't know a damn thing!
You and me are brothers.
Let go of me, I said!
Do you like her?
And I'll cheer you up while I'm at it.
And judging from the direction it's coming from, they're...
Is it me, or does it seem like she's been abducted?
What is this place?! A maze?
Well, I'll be. You came after all.
Marry! And... who are you?
I wish I could express what I'm feeling right now to you, Shion.
What's that geezer thinking?!
Yes?
Aye aye, Commander.
What the hell, man? Who asked your opinion?
Yeah. I promise.
It seems like he doesn't remember me, either.
I'm not sure why, but I get the feeling he'll show up.
He charged in right off the bat?! What the heck?
How are you...
Nothing.
I kinda lost track of where we were.
Seriously?
But if he uses it, we're as good as there! C'mon, use it!
Okay...
Don't tell me...
I'm here to bring you home.
This loop? Wrap things up?
this tragedy wouldn't be happening.
Your mother who died in order to protect you...
Not that it's a problem or anything.
No... I'd never...
If your wish comes true, my spirit as a snake will disappear.
You bastard!
Kano!
Relive this never-ending, ultimate nightmare one more time!
You don't have to be afraid.
She's using the power that Marry gave her.
Come!
The world isn't to be hated.
It will be our one and only, real future.
Since the beginning of time, the future has always been something created by children.
You made lots of friends, didn't you?
Hey! Get a room, you two!
We weren't doing anything like that!
Shintaro, you ready?
How long has it been since then?
What are you doing, Ayumu?
TS 02:03 eu It's just right.
I'm filming myself. How is that hidden?!adjust with the line above
You're filming yourself?!
Here you go, Tae!
Jesus!oo wut?
Sera has a sinful body indeed.
Aikawa!
Doesn't it feel like we're on our honeymoon trip?!
A-Aikawa, do you prefer girls with small breasts?
They say insects attract other insects,
You wretched, stinking clump of fetid human refuse.
Really, Seraphim?!
TS 07:12 eu I'd like to be friends with her.
Oh no!
I caught him taking voyeuristic photos of girls in swimsuits and punished him appropriately.
You look like you're having fun, Ayumu.
Let me out already.
Well...
Eu! Good news.
Though I doubt this will even count as a battle.
Sure.
I got a great idea!
Seraphim asked me to deliver these.
Uh... Okay.
I hope Eu likes the party.
Oh, really?
Leave the birthday program to me!
What happened to Sera?
Or the bronze rope?
Correct once again!
That's right. So?
What kind of a pain-in-the-ass tradition is that?
I shall instruct you in the correct method.
First, remove your underwear
Who the hell would do that?!
Anyway, let's eat the cake.
But you should. You must!
So you've taken an interest in little girls?lit. changed jobs to become a lolicon, so you might want to make this sound funnier
How disgusting.
noteI'm a necromancer.
I taught you that magic was a part of science too, didn't I?
You're having hallucinations? Awesome!
I guess... she might have been...
You sure can eat.
Here!
Neither of us.
Tomonori! How about making lunch for me too?
But your fried eggs are a thousand times tastier!
I know they are, but having nothing but fried eggs for lunch is kind of a letdown.
They're here! They're here!
So... you're sticking around?
You said your name was Aihara?Drunk stammering again
No need to finish that sentence, no need.
Drink! Drink!
And he's not just your usual mysterious figure.
Miss Fairy!
Looks like you've had it rough.
And I'm a Magiclad Girl too!
Yeah, I'm back! What of it?
It was unavoidable!lit. act of God, so make this more grand-sounding
No other choice, huh?
Aikawa...
Isn't that dangerous?!
No way! Unbelievable!
Hiramatsu!
Thank you...
I can't take it any more!
What are you waiting for?!
Hurry up! Erase their memories!
Hurry!
Don't look!
Stop looking at me!
I don't say "Hehe" or "Oh" like that.
Hehe!
My darling!
If this goes on, everyone in the media will be all over you.
and I realized that you're pretty cool after all.
Hey!
Orito?
Aww, and it's so good too...
Thank you, Miss Fairy.
So it's just a matter of time, huh?
Where's that chainsaw guy?
The guy who keeps muttering nonsense!
No...
But couldn't you at least dress for the occasion?
Y-Yeah... Thanks...
Call me what?
I mean, I mean...
R-Run...
Ouch...
Don't get the wrong idea!
Why would I...
G-Glad to hear it.
Let's all come here again next year, Ayumu!
the genius chef Haruna! Just leave the cooking to me!
Don't you know how much I've been through?
We live in different worlds.
Aikawa...
Who else would I call my darling?!
I'm back...
No!
People of the world!
I know all too well what'll happen to me if you take me in.
Just what do you see in that piece of shit?
Limit?
Okay...
My darling piece of shit, Aikawa Ayumu, is a world-spirit,
The suffering that Gaia puts him through
I guess...not sure if this is an actual line, but it sounds like "maa ne"...
Ah... I believe the repair paperwork is somewhere around the 1241st step.She lit. says madoguchi person-in-charge, probably. See next line
Oh well!
I can see your inner secrets in all their naked glory!
What if I do this?
Let's begin, Nurse.
I'm going to start making dinner soon.
Oh...
and took out the magic overload regulator...
The moon sure looks nice.
All right. Let's erase their memories.
Mystletainn!
What... are you talking about?
A reversal.
The life I once treasured is in ruins.
Listen here, boy.
Thank you, Miss Fairy!
Damn Ayumoron.
And crouch!
Next, quick!
You call that dancing, Maelstrom?So you think you can dance, Maelstrom?
Then why don't you just give it up?
Come to the front if you want to die!
So do it, then.
Voodoo... What were you two trying to do?
No, dammit!
Sarasvati has a concert soon.
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Got it? That's what dancing looks like.
It's no good for any of us if Tomonori has to go back to her village.
Yeah! Here we go!
One. Two.
Hell?
Damn! I have to stop them!
Yeah! Have you been well?
Sousuke!
OP starts here
ybord4blur0.8War boils in the innocence we only thought we had
Still, I didn't know you were into models, Aikawa...
The way I see it, your interestspersonality are messed up because you're not a popular guy.
A restaurant?
Costumes?
I'm going home!
Welcome home, Master!
You must be tired, Master!
No.
Hurry up and make your order, you little shits.
Am not!
Oh right, I almost forgot she's your superior.
Yes?
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Yeah! I'm so glad you came, Aikawa!
So, what should we get?
Plus we get to spend time with waitresses in costume, which is of course the most important part.
This restaurant's very best.
She was the weakest of us.
It's my turn!watashi, sanjou
It's like you're on cloud nine.
No, not even in a thousand years will I fall for you.
is the biggest humiliation of my life.
Just you and me now, Ayumu!
It really was...
Wait, I won?
Well, I won't say any more,
You've fought well in my absence!
Leave this to me!
I'm never going to wash this hand again.
Fine, I'll ask Ayumu.
Relying on me for what?
Big sister...
I was supposed to be at work today.
That tickles!
Sure doesn't look like it.
I bought some ice!
Eu I don't mind getting sick if I get to eat Haruna's gruel.
You sound just like her big sister.
Eu's got a fever.
Blow gently?!
Anderson?!
Ayumu.
Anyway, I'm just doing this because Leaf Girl asked me to.
You're like a rubber ducky floating in the bath!
What's wrong?
That reminds me...
Forbidden pith?
That's it! I can't remember anything else!
Well, they say there's a fine line between geniuses and something else.lol
Sorry, Haruna.
If we're making gruel, allow me.
How do you think I've been?
I'll train you guys up!
have you got a better idea?
Sorry about that.
Why not?
Big Bro, please let Haruna do what she wants.
The doctor said not to make such cheerful greetings!
Then, should I get some more?
I see.
That's true magic...
May I please help?
Why, thanks.
Aikawa... Your legs are really pretty...
"I'll be waiting under the tree behind the school building."
Yeah.
you've got a better chance of getting a favorable reply.
Huh?
I can tell you how to stop that thing.
What?!
S-Say no more! It's too embarrassing!
E? F?
What's the Baroness of Darkness bit about?
Ow, ow, ow! It hurts!
Haruna?!
Haruna See, Necromancer totally gets it!
Necromancer's Magic - Absorb Haruna's Revival!
Haruna Lame.
I have no idea.
Aikawa!
It really made me happy.
Yuki!
So you gave her a ring?
Aikawa, let's go check out the cultural festival!
We'll go looking around the stalls.
Thank you for waiting!
Wh-What's the meaning of this?
Aikawa gave it to me.
Since when did you become such a man?!
School is no place for such horseplay.
C'mon, don't look at me like that.
Welcome!
Moreover, you also live with a cute younger sister-like character whom you fantasize about daily.
Ayumoron!
Then, the expert on magic that Haruna mentioned...
That was me.
Wh-What madness! Terrible! This is terrible!
Wh-What's this?
Aikawa, just before...
Too bad.
I'd forget people's names...
so why do I have to deal with something like that?
Meow!
I-I can't move!
I can fly!
Return Haruna's mana, along with everyone else!
I don't wanna!
Really? That's too bad.
overlapC'mon, please! Just listen to me!
My! This tea is lovely!
You must have traveled far.
But how do you know Chris' weakness, Kyouko?
That's the deal, okay?
Hold it! Stop shamelessly flaunting your body!
You bitch! Just 'cos yours are bigger by one millimeter...
Ayumu!
It was that obvious, huh?
Lookie look, twintails!
Let's head back.
What I've always wanted to do...
I'm surprised to hear lines like that coming from a geek like you.
That sounded cool!
I'm doing all this for your sake, you know.
Aikawa's in a pickle!
A ninja considers herself superior to no one.
Your mission?
Your so-called mission is just a cover of your own!
What? Aikawa Ayumu?
My darling piece of shit.
Excuse me...
It's love at first sight!
This is my first mixer party! I'm so nervous!
Okay, let's start.
Eu, isn't that a bit...
It's just a game, after all.
It's okay, Aikawa. I don't mind if it's you.
Pleased to meet all of you.
Oh? Isn't this where you defeated me last time?
Yes?
Foolish man.
Is that what you really want?
I had a lot of fun with everyone at the mixer today.
You are a Magiclad Girl, after all.
That is my punishment.
Will you keep me in your memories? Forever?
Remembering something nice?
Yes.
It's just sad.
Let's play! Let's play!
Excuse me?
The Queen of Virie was one of them.
Yeah.
Eu If she's in this world,
Yeah, yeah, d'you think I could keep it one more day? Please?
Eh? Extra fees?
Nene! This is really important, so could you please stay awake?!
Hello?
Nene, wake up!
That's a relief.
Hell
If you don't have your ticket, you won't be able to get in.
Don't worry. I've got it on me right now.
eu Excuse us.
The thought of beating around the bush any longer disgusts me,
so I'll come right out with it.
You've got the wrong idea!
Eu Long time no see.
Sera, we really need you to take care of the cleaning up!
Eu The happy ending.
The cat...
Oh, crap!
Aikawa, you okay for time?
You've been lookin' at the clock a whole lot.
Um, well...
I've been waiting for you, my dull-ling.
I'm so sorry I was late!
You don't have to change anything.
Sure it is! We're not workin' right now, so why not?
Climax!
Please welcome Ms. Rie.
Rie!
Back from the dead, I live again as a zombie.
And now, Head Instructor Ariel seeks to impose further trials upon me.
Ayumu,
A test?
Apparently they'll wipe my memories if I fail.
Are you kidding me? I don't even know what the test is, let alone how!
Perhaps.
Next, you gotta add something like a philosopher's stone...
You shut up!
I'm a zombie!
Where do you think you're touching?!
Wow.
And you were doing so well, too....
Though somewhat tactless, she has a point.
Please! Don't let Ayumoron forget about us!
so I guess we've got enough time for a make-up test.
The make-up test is as follows:
Madame Hellscythe! You can talk!
I guess my main body is causing you trouble.
I'm sorry to bother you, Ms. Eucliwood.
It is indeed.
Stop it! Don't say another word!
Once we silence these fools, we'll be able to access Ayumu's heart.
Of course. That's just like Ayumu.
This is merely a prelude to the end.
What a pain.
Lust and greed are just small fry compared to me.
Well, that's how things used to be.
Isn't that Aikawa?
Everything's such a pain.
Even living itself.
Wow, he's laying it on thick today.
Did you come up with something new?
It's a good thing the rest of you can live out your lives in ignorance.
Eu?
Ouch! That really hurts!
I don't like the way he is today.
Eu That was interesting.
Call me "Another"!
I'lll be taking care of Aikawa, so don't worry about it.
but that doesn't make it any less of a pain.
so don't cry.
I saw you on TV earlier! You were great!
This sucks.
Did I really do that well on the test?!
Stuff like "1820-1872" was written next to the other people,
I mean, if this guy was a manga character, he'd be, like, super strong!
And what's up with the "You will become a page in my dictionary!" you wrote next to Napoleon?
Listen up, Kisaragi.
Would you mind telling me where and how you got these answers?
You'll have to repeat your first year again.
Hello, this is Kisaragi.
I won first prize!
I was thunderstruck!
Very well. I will take that as my cue to leave today.
Why are your pictures the only ones that get any attention?
I know how hard it's been for you lately, Mom.
It's fine... I guess.
You don't have to worry about me.
You're such a worrywart, Momo.
But I've never been in this part of town before, so I'm kind of...
I can spot people like you a mile away!
Oh man, this is bad!
Today's been the worst.
The lonely monster traveled around the world.
so please prepare for the shop's opening with Madame Hellscythe.
Well then, please get them out and put them on display.
Yes, I'll go open up my shop too!
Your voice is about as melodious as nails on blackboard.
You wrote them yourself?!
You for real?
That'll be 300 yen.
O-Oh, thanks.
Hey, Aikawa!
R-Really?
Here.
For those who ate Ninja Ramen today,
Listen to it until your eardrums burst.
Welcome, welcome, welcome!
Marvels from around the globe for sale at an unbeatable price!
Thank you very much.
M-M-M-May I take a look at this?
Haruna!
Facing that creepy nerdface,
We brought customers.
The totality of your profits, which would make this my victory!
M-My...
You thought of something unutterable, didn't you?
What? But there's no one around.
Wow, 20 cm.
I couldn't beat Yuki's record...
You should do your best!
Eh? But I am!
Something wrong?
I came naked to school.
I'm not doing anything to be ashamed of!
I-I put them in the laundry... I feel this expression is so wrong. "putting them in the process of laundry" sounds all too awkward too though.
Oh yeah, it says it's a fake on the back.
You know, "even a master of calligraphy can fall from the tree",
Even a monkey can fall from the tree. Even a master of calligraphy can flip his brush
It's a stray.
I'll take you to the infirmary.
What's an elementary schooler like you doing here?
You'd better say it.
Maybe my powers are starting to return as well?
Eu?
Be careful. Have a safe trip.
Gosh, I'm so troubled!
Yuuki-chan's doing her best, isn't she?
Well, they act more like a married couple, so it's kind of refreshing.
Can you stop with those dangerous looking toppings?
It's here! It's here! It's here!
I don't care about anything else.
R-Really?
Tee hee 3... I shouldn't give under-age kids drinks like this!
Wut wash twat, Aihama-kun?
It's Aikawa.
Somehow, I feel like I can talk to you about everything.
Will a fight begin in this city again?
Masou-Shoujo detected.
There's no way it's Aikawa!
Right?
yet there's no girl here.
You bastard...
Let's go, AAA rank Megalo, Icarus the Calamity!
Haruna, your back! Your back!
Aikawa-kun!
Don't!
Isn't he the guy from the magazine cover?
A pervert!
A guy who becomes a Masou-Shoujo?!
He's become a total pervert!
You're shining!
He's naked now!
I thought he was a good guy...
My damn darling!
What are we going to do when a Megalo appears?!
Where's Ayumu?
Exposing yourself in school.
It's all because I'm the Chosen One.
Are you serious?
If this continues, even the mass media will flood in.
That's disgusting.
Orito!
That does happen...
Well, that might be right.
Hey, Aikawa!
Geez! How many times do I need to tell you not to call me Tomonori?
What do you mean by that?
Not because I wanted to escape,
Eh? W-What is it?
So that's why you brought us all the way here.
Well... it's not really like that.
I mean, I come here every year,
can I call you by your name?
Um?
I can't see where I'm going!
At least let me explain!
How nice...
Don't misunderstand!
I-I told you I don't care about that, didn't I?
...Yuuki.
I guess there's no choice.
I've always longed for Aikawa's autograph.
Where did my peaceful days go?
I'm sorry.
I happen to have a perverted friend who likes cross-dressing,
Won't you give me a little time?
What's so good about that damn insect?
What do these even mean?
I want my peaceful life back as soon as possible...
It's completely broken.
It's common sense in Virie!
Wouldn't that be personal information?
Oh. If it's about that,
What kind of bureaucratic office is this?!
I'll be off...
Can't you tell just by looking?
See? I can see your precious parts now.
Come on... Should I do it here next?
Oh, I'm back.
That's right. The beak here will start spinning,
That's not it!
You damn perverted insect!
I want you to say it yourself.
It's impossible.
Honestly... I'm totally done for.
Orito?
This is the rebirth of his soul, or one could say, "reverse".
Just what should I do now?
At In the end, I did this to myself.
The thing I'm lacking is courage!
Is that the Curse Dance?!
Whoa! Amazing!
We don't have a choice.
I heard your conversation.
Sarasvati!
I followed my damned darling here from school.
Y-Yeah...
Guess I have no choice!
You're the one who needs me!
The new me, that is!
Who knows...
Those of you who want to die, come forth!
All that's left is for you to believe in yourself and have fun!
Yes, Master!
They're doing it wrong right from the start!
Not like that!
My butt love...
Yes. Your acquaintance, Kyouko-san.
I don't know anything.
Imaginary Eu A here!
And C here!
Yes we are!
It's been a few weeks since that incident.
Nice, isn't it? "HohoHoho..." is optional but can be placed
I love you,
Ah! Isn't that Arbalest?!
Your family did destroy your favourite plastic model.
Only the finest ladies work there.are working there.
Cosplay?!
Yes, yes...
It's the Vampire-Ninjas' financial undertaking.It's our Vampire-Ninja's public finance.
We're just using our brains to get some investments.Just using our brains to get some investment funds.
Huh? Anderson-kun?
Yo! This is a good place, isn't it?
I'm a regular here.
I-I see... Good for you.
There really are a lot of people who like being abused.There sure are a lot of people who likes to get abused.
Eat quickly and leave, Master.
Maybe it's because she puts on those kind of panties?
S-Sera-san, you've got a nice body, you know?
If I get enough votes, they'll give me a raise.
So what do you want to order?
Isn't it more important for you to decide if you like doing this or not?
That's just like you.
What? I won?
What the hell are you doing here?!
That's true...
Drink the water I poured for you!
It's the trash team's victory.
Can he even eat that?
What a gruesome battle.
No, that's just not...
If you say so...
T-That's wrong!
We've returned.We're back!
Did I pick out the wrong one?
Make sure the parts don't have any defects.
Please hold still.
You're so cute...
Eu?
Necromancer!
She has a terrible fever.
Haruna, bring me some ice!
I-I know that!
I'm a little jealous, though.
Maybe it'd be better to get a doctor.
That's it!
Without having a single doubt?
Go burn in hell, you perverted Chiba!
but I'm still trying my best to help her!
Still, you've relieved some of your stress, right?
I'm sure she'll get better after a night's rest.
Great. She's fast asleep.
W-What's the matter, Haruna-kun?
I-I'm sure it was.
S-Sure...
Don't get the wrong idea!
S-Shut up!
You're not mad?
Yeah, I got it.
Later.
sign No problem.
I'm fine now.
You were really tired.
Your cold will get worse if you wear those clothes.
You damn perverted insect!
Are you treating me like an ingredient?!
Hello, is this Ayumu-san?
What do you expect me to say?
Now I can participate in the cultural festival with a clean reputation!
Haruna-sensei!
Yes! You over there!
I will show you the way!
Listen to her advice!
Hey, Haruna, don't just make up random things!
do you have something else in mind?
Well, about that...
Well, what about a monster caf?
I like that.
Isn't it a great idea?
We agree.
I'm off.
Onii-chan, please let Haruna do what she wants.
Haruna's enthusiasm passed onto me.
Huh?
Damn it!
My doctor told me to avoid saying any cool lines.cool sounding lines.
Then, shall I bring some more?
That's cheating!
Okay!
Do you think we could put this here?
Where?
Yep.
I-Is that so?
This is what I call youth!
Gaia!
Gaze upon me and burn this image into your mind!what you see into your mind!I don't want to!
Sign spokenThank you very much!
To my old self: let's part ways.
All right! This is perfect, Aikawa.
Um, where have I seen thosethese legs before?
You don't even have to praise that.
Yukinori!
You too, Necromancer.
Where shall we start?
I was concerned about coming here alone.I was very concerned to come here alone.
Also, I have something else to tell you.
Yeah.
With the two of us here alone,
Who's there?
Like this?!
No, on her!
I...
Aw, don't say anything else. You're embarrassing me!
Is that what you were making?
No!
Breasts are justice.
Are you an idiot?!
As expected of me, the genius demon baron Masou-Shoujo, Haruna-chan!
Mealstrom...
Take that! Magic absorption!
What did you just say?
...I was so happy about it.
I have to go.
Money! I smell a lot of money!
What did you say?!
I'll look after her properly.
I understand.
An individual hides within a crowd!
Excellent! Marvellous! Great!
Yup!
Oh, this is...
Isn't it obvious?
Aikawa-kun, you're so dirty!
...Oshi, Hashitawa...
signOur magical powers have returned to normal.
To think they would collapse from a little fluctuation in their magical powers...
That's cruel!
Everything I needed came together.
That was also me!
And the reason Haruna and Tomonori's CD wouldn't sell?!
Now then, it's time for me to say goodbye to this school.
It's a misunderstanding!
Um... An old man who wants to be a girl!
Not to mention, my hips were constantly aching...
Ain't happening...
Then, here's a present for you.
But without her powers, she will...
Ariel-sensei.
so I think it'd be better if you didn't try anything yet.
Is that true?
Whoa! Her face is scary!
What a problematic policy.
Hey! Why are you shamelessly flaunting your body?!
You little... Just because yours are a millimetre bigger than mine...
Stop fooling around!
Thank you so much.
If that dream of mine is fulfilled, I'll end the contract and carry out my end of the bargain.
You're organising one?
What's that? Gross!
Other things aren't as important as that!
It's best when you get even more shrivelled up.
The co-ed party is just a cover.
Oh? It's true I wanted to go to a co-ed party.
Your "mission" is also a cover, right?
It's just an excuse to attach yourself to Aikawa Ayumu!
You're loved by many, aren't you?
You're not coming?
You should go and have fun.
It's a blind group date.
A co-ed party is another system created by Gaia.
What?! I thought this was in fashion!
Thanks for waiting everyone!
Okay then, let's start.
She's mega serious.
I won't let Aikawa hog all the fun!
Come on, next!
Who is she?
Are you of legal age, Rie-chan?!
Are you here to escort me?
Let's go.
Hashitawa,
Dokeda,
I can't even hold myself back.
I will never forget you.
Oh no.
What do you mean?!
...is in our world right now, correct?
Even a AAA-class Megalo takes several Masou-Shoujo to defeat.
Then, how can we meet her?
What's that?
If you drink it like this, it'll be an indirect kiss...
Maybe she's not home.
No, this is not the time to get excited!
A-Are you all right?
Extra fees?
N-Nene-san, this is really important, so could you please stay awake?!
You're Eucliwood's friend, right?
Will you fight for us?
...really bad for my heart...
If you don't have your ticket, you won't be able to get in.
Got it.
Oh!
He climbed the stairs to adulthood!
sign Understood.
I guess I have no choice.
That's right.
And then...
What're you doing, Bayumu?
Huh? Where's the work?
Let's go, you commoners!
Do you have some place to go to?
I may not be able to win against Chris,
...as for my promise to Saras...
Those who want to die, come forth!
You kept your promise to me.
Thank you, my darling!
Salty!
To keep looking forward isn't that simple
Aikawa Ayumu-san,
Have you finished preparing to face her?
Yes.
A test?
You'll forget about me too?
sign Will you forget about me too?
Was Haruna-chan a teacher?
Don't come here, disgusting pervert!
Haruna!
Thank you so much!
So in the end, it came to this, huh?
It's not like anyone has to go.
Somehow, that's the way I feel.
Me too.
I don't want to believe that all of this has been for nothing.
Bayumu!
You were a damned insect.
Satan.
I don't care about you lot!
We are incarnations of Aikawa Ayumu's sins.
So weak!
I see. That's just like Ayumu.
Let's go.
Because, from this point onwards,
If you'd like, you can call me "Alternative".
A person's true nature is revealed by their underwear.
From now on, I'll live for myself.
Did you come up with something new?
Yeah.
He seems different.
Show that weird Ayumu who's boss!
sign Meat, too.
Who am I?
Don't call me "Bayumu"!
Please come back...
Well, it's good that everything's back to normal,
Thank you! Please don't forget about us!
As long as you remember us, we'll be with you forever.
If what you said is true,
I challenge you!
Sure thing!
Piece of paper What should I do?
Hm...
Aikawa, are you setting up a shop too?
Unexpected results can come from that which may seem irrelevant.
If I challenge her to a match at this flea market, she'd never accept defeat.
She'd go as far as to use her trump card to win.
Aye, aye.
Ayumu, I'll take care of the preparations here.
Yes, thank you very much.
How'd you interpret that as something positive?
Well, that's to be expected.
Here, five million yen. wait, what? 5 mln yen in one coin? :o
I added an extra one for free.
Aikawa, you should have some too!
Delicious as always!
I want 'em all!
I'll use my tools to put you in your place.
Welcome! Welcome! Welcome!
T-This, please.
I've uncovered the secret to selling stuff!of successful sales!
Hey, how much for this?
It's quite obvious.
It's gone, I tell you it's gone!
Hey, Haruna!
You drank my invisibility potion while I was desperately searching for my really important Philosopher's Stone-like thing.
It's complicated...
What am I thinking?
Are you doing it on purpose?
I'm sorry for this.
Then, how did you come to school today?
Though, could you possibly look the other way for a moment?
You're so flustered we could steam octopus on your head.
You ultra-miraculous rotten bug!
Setting up a voyeur cam?
I've missed that abusive speech...
Let's go, Yukinori!
I think so...
Not at all.
Oh! That's because we train our bodies well!
signExciting urban legend.
Tomonori might start to believe you.
I've got hold of the target!
Sorry, Tomonori. I'll get back to you later.
You can't?
No, I have to hurry and...
What? Why are you unhappy?
You should just say that to Eu.
What?
Yes.
Yes. But it wouldn't be much of a fight.
Yeah.
I see. So that's how it was.
I just wanted to an idea for what to get Eu-chan as a present.
Correct!
Is she trying to make a fool out of me?
Correct again!
All right, it's presents time!
Seriously?
with rain in some areas.
Well then, have a good day!
This unchanging scenery...
Let me see your notes.
But to be honest, that's a lie.
H-Huh?
The menu is...
Nope.
Serial killers are scary, aren't they?
You're living by yourself, right?
Be careful.
However, I feel at ease when I come here.
Huh?
Kumacchi!
Mystletainn magic power, full throttle!
It's a long story.I have my reasons.
Normal people can'twon't understand the feelings of a genius!
Immediately! Now! Now, now, now, now!
Why have you, a Masou-Shoujo, come into my house?
Let me borrow your phone.
Huh?
I don't get it at all.
but since there's a necromancer of the underworld here,
I wonder what fees are going to be charged to my phone?
I've got various reasons.
were living happily with two beautiful girls,
A crayfish?
A super evil nefarious crayfish!
I think...
I don't know what happened to you,
I'll go for the other magical presence!
D-Don't say such a stupid thing!
Right!
Since you stole my magic powers, Please double check this line and the next one. -sm
Here I go. I'll get used to it!
Mystletainn Kick!
Is that you, Aikawa?
It's a pervert!
Definitely a pervert!
Aikawa...
It's not that I'm a tolerant person,
I just don't want to think about these troublesome things.
I never thought you'd be so good at cooking.
I want to eat something other than fried eggs.
So this is kimchi with pork? TLC , Kaionlriu 
I'm so sorry! Eat up!
Well, whatever the reason,
It should be fine like this for a while.
Yeah, yeah. Being your Onii-chan isn't easy.Onii-chan has lots of work to do!
My hobby is the Swallow Reversal Technique.
There's no more need for me to be polite to a worthless idiot.
If it's for my mission, it can't be helped.
Even though I'm a zombie, I still feel pain, you know.
Do you want to surrender?
It takes me so much just to barely dodge it.I'm just barely able to dodge it.
...a zombie.
Why are you still here?
Huh?
Master, it's morning.
No, you're gross.
You're a damn insect?
First it's a Masou-Shoujo,
Excuse me, do you believe in UFOs?
Shit!
That's love!
What's that?
After I met Eu, I understood how fun it was.
The scream came from the second floor.
What the hell happened...
I guess it's fine.
Didn't you come too soon?
Not to mention your weapon isfscx300-
How impudent.
For today, are fried eggs okay?
So this is two on one?
there's good weather today.
He had an umbrella, so he's probably fine.
When I first met him, he didn't die even when I cut him in half.
I was shocked.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Eh? Masked set?
I wonder...
But why is that girl wearing armour?
I see! She cosplays for her photoshoots!
You didn't consult the school?
It's your turn first. Go throw it already.
Look, look.
I said look over here!
I called you, didn't I?
Masked... what?
Shit! I said Ayumu!
A-Aikawa...
Uh... huh? I didn't tell you?
Orito.
Want dinner? Or a bath? I can have a bath with you, right?
Shit! Shit, shit, shit!
He's probably not okay.
I'm jealous!
No, more like, 1 in 100,000,000 chance something like that happened,
Because it will make Kyouko happy. If you're here, Kyouko would be happy.
I didn't think Aikawa-san would really come...
No, it's totally fine.
Most of them have healed already.
Blue. She had really pretty blue eyes.
Her age must be around the same as mine, I think.
Are you okay?
...but I can't say that.
Loli busty young frail characters are so awesome!
You take care of this pot.
Haruna.
It's quite interesting, isn't it?
Hey, Ayumu! You're back alive. I'm hungry.
Take care!
What is this "artefact"?
That was quick.
Pleased to meet you.
What did you come here for?
I'll take their souls back to the underworld with me.
Listen. When she heals someone, she takes the pain onto herself.
An extraordinary being. The core of everything.
The scene of the crime is right over there.
They were probably sacrificed.
Rumours say his identity isfscx300-
I can't see his face.
I'm a zombie, and he protected me...
I am unstable and insecure.
You can't?
Because if my emotions were triggered, your fate would be the one most affected, right?
Sera!
It's possible.
It won't hurt.
There are proper reasons for why I'd never suck blood from a disgusting damn insect.
Haruna?
Kyotofu?
But she messes up because she's a genius.
Ah, but recently, something unexpected happened.
She remembered just one person's name.
No way...
You're out of hospital already? That's good to hear.
Please don't leave Eu behind!
Who's not honest with herself?
Ahh, I envy Aikawa-san's girlfriend.
I don't have anything like that.
Why would you do such a thing?
What are you doing, Ayumu?
It seems like you are in the middle of repaying this...
Just tonight, I'm glad to hear those severe statements.
Playing "red light, green light" or something?
You're an idiot.
Oh, a magical barrier, huh?
Oh my, those eyes. They're just like mine.
Annoying antics.
Looks like it's back to one versus one.
I wanted to have my revenge without this outfit at the very least, but...
Guess I don't have a choice.
How does it feel to be defeated by a pervert?
Secret Technique: Swallow Reversal!
It's almost as if you're telling me to take away your magic powers!
Eu!
After we get home, will you help me think of a name for it?
Ah, that felt good.
Ayumu, if you call yourself a servant of Hellscythe-dono, then...
Yeah.
What are you talking about? How lame.
Die! Die! Die!
I have the artefact of life!
No...
I don't want to die...
That's a relief.
Let's stop, shall we?
This sure was entertaining.
This feeling... You're a Megalo?
Most people go about their days without realising it,
In the past, I changed him into a zombie.
Be cautious. Release the safety valves!
TL Note: Yoshida Yuki, which can also be read as Yoshida Tomonori in Japanese.
Thank you! Onii-chan is overjoyed!
Her cooking is delicious too.
S-Sorry...
Ah, thanks.
Hot... Ho... H... Ho...
Damn it!
Guess I have no choice.
Oh, yes!
Ayumu! I said behind you, didn't I!? You idiot!
Behind me?
Looks delicious!
Don't come near me so nonchalantly, please.
This is Maelstrom.
It's none of your concern!
Don't ignore me!
For the restaurants rated three stars, we sneaked into the stores,
It can't be helped.
Also, when there's a Megalo outbreak, this device can be used to make a Tonkotsu soup rain.
Hey, but if you did that, the town would be filled with thick sticky soup.
Really?
Regarding that, my superiors will take care of it.
It's not fine.
How could that count as marriage?
What are you looking at? You erotic bastard.
Ignoring me now, huh?
Are there any bad kids around?
That's why, following the clan's traditions, I'll become your bride!
Don't call me that!
Book: With this, you will definitely be popular with girls.
Eromu! Don't look! Stay away!
My sweetheart.
Ayumu...
Ero-Ayumu!
That was an accident, remember?
Give me some too!
Let me have a bite, too!
I feel lazy
I mean, because of certain circumstances,
I plan on trying hard to fall in love with him, but I've never loved a guy before.
It has to be handmade food, right?
Welcome home, Ayumu!
No, I'll do it! The bigger the hurdle, the more fired up I am!
I'll do my best!
For example, Aikawa seems like a bit of a lolicon.
K-Kyun?
A secret message, huh?
Ah, this stomach cancer is killing me.
Intimacy?
Like I said...
All right.
Is it like a real ninja mansionfscx300-
Kids nowadays are so daring.
Want me to call you Yuki, then?
Huh?
I've made up my mind!
Ah, yeah.
I'm going this way.
It's embarrassing!
What are you doing here?
That hurts! What the hell are you doing all of a sudden?!
My, my... It's a young wife.
My wife.
It's all right, Yuki.
Why did you kiss that girl?
I want you to... kiss me!
Huh? Where's the Necromancer?
Are you sure it's okay to get that excited?
What do you mean?
How did that turn into having to kill Eu?!
That's right.
There's no way I could want to kill her, is there?!
Sera...
Is that a Megalo?
Are you all right? I'll pull you out of there right now.
Oh? You know about me?
That you're exceptionally skilled.
How's this?!
That's right. This is where we part ways.
Mystletainn?
Thank you, Sera!
Yes, the breath of the gods shall beckon a blizzard.
Final echelon: detected.
Well, when something like this happens...
He really is a superb magic user.
What the hell is going on? Why is that thing...
Just what is this? What's happening?
Whew...
See, it's just as I told you.
Go on ahead.
I hope to always stay close to Ayumu and everyone.
What the hell?
Things aren't over yet, the natto is still sticky!
Don't tell me what I already know, Haruna.
The old me would have been telling myself,
There's a different me, screaming:
What are you doing, sissy-Ayumu?
While I was soaking in the bath,
The one ordering you to kill Eu?
I returned to my companions,
I'm amazed I was able to order it from this world.
So, will you play some for us?
The flea shampoo you recommended worked wonders!
Why is idiot-Ayumu giving me orders?
That's what I'd like to know!
What's with this guy?
Ayumu! Are you all right?
I suppose I should leave the introductions here...
You shine so brightly... Just like the sun...
Oh my, this world's protectors have a keen sense of smell.
Wait!
You traitor.
Really?!
What're you doing when we're in such a hurry?
Are you all right, leaf lady?
You shouldn't be getting up!
Let Eu go!
You'll stunt my growth!
What's it doing?
All right. This one!
We're running out of time.
Aikawa...
Ayumu!
I've discovered the left leg... disgusting.
Strange...
I told you to stop! Let go!
...that he himself is refusing to awaken.
Haruna!
...you wanted to know the answer to that?
That's right!
Rather than stay with me, Eu chose to go with the King of the Night.
You'll be needing that, won't you?
Because you won't let me die,Because you won't kill me,
Yeah... But something was missing.
It's not right without you.
However, that is why this is something only you can do.
You know, when I achieved immortality,
that it is painful to die... but it is better than living.
Then I'll enjoy your beautiful face until you do.
That fog is getting in the way.
It's not a kick?!
Have you never seen it?!
That's right, I'm selfish!
Your feelings don't matter!It's because of my feelings for you.
That's why I'm pushing you!
I'm back too!
Whoa! The Necromancer spoke!
My luck of the draw is amazing!
Swimsuit.
I'm getting all worked up!
Love really does pull two people together.
Good afternoon.
Uh... There's a reason for that...
Laugh.
You don't know about Lovely Kirara, who's dominating the Internet?!
She's my absolute ideal!
Huh?
Saraswati!
Even so, suddenly becoming an idol is just...
It is a vicious world where the strong devour the weak.
Word spreads fast!
I won't be convinced by your words alone.
I will stop you.
She's showing us something amazing. Just going with the flow.
I will put an end to this.
A side-job. Wait... This is my main job.
I don't care. Just listen to my song!
My live concert...
It doesn't matter.
Somebody stop it!
Eu?
Dai-sensei?
Magic absorbing device!
Yes.
Eu singingblur5 With only that, I'm happy.
This is a problem...
Aren't you her teacher?
Haruna and Eu singingblur5 You've shown me your crying and smiling face.
H-Huh?
Disgusting!
So this is the power of Eu's words, huh?
Wait! No!
Welcome back.
Wonderball! Wonderball!
we started our own personal festival project.
All right!
Did Sera put something in that cotton candy?
I won't let your sacrifice be in vain.
It was because Haruna looked lonely and...
I see.
Of course.
The thing you lack is...
Witness my ero-power!
Don't you want to nyan-nyan?
In other words, you can call it proof that humans are humans.And here I thought being human was the proof of being human.--Paw
Aikawa!
Damn those two perverts.
What's that?
It's said that this was drawn by Katsushika Hokusai.
What's up, Ayumu?
Because Yukinori can't be bothered right now.
What did she say?
"You'll have to take it from us by force, you weird-breast woman!"Yes, I could have used "weird-breasted," but I thought this sounded more insult-y.--Paw
Suit up!
It's mysterious, Onii-chan!
Eh?
Secret Technique: Swallow Reversal.
I have to do this in one go!
Indeed lol
I see, I see.
What were you reminiscing about?
I was thinking about something from a long time ago.
Right, Orito?
We're explorers!
This year's winner will score this fountain pen as the prize!
A fountain pen?
Great job, Orito!
"...I'll leave it in your care until I return!"
"...nothing left to teach you."
"Everyone, let's work together..."
"...and survive!"
The unexpected outcome: these three,
I made it through on my own.
"...can determine everything!"
You must be cold!
...a Manchu Han imperial feast.
Today will be cloudy,
Sorry, physics is next, right?
H-Huh?
I'm beat.
Eu, I'm home.
Really?
When I woke up from a nap, it was already evening.
What is that?!
So you're the serial killer!
That's a pretty big assumption!
Your wounds are severe.
Mystletainn magic power, full throttle!
Sacrifices are necessary in battle.
The thing I just killed was a B-class Megalo Kumocchi.
Like I said, I'm a zombie.
Masou-Shoujo.
Oh yeah, hey you.
Don't treat me like an idiot!
This world is full of secrets.
I've got various reasons.
Living by himself must be difficult.
If you weren't a zombie, you wouldn't be here.
Become mine.
Help me, God!
Haruna! Why are you there?!
I cameI bet he did after I was attracted by Masou-Shoujo magic.
But, I...
Those limits don't apply to me!
My arm's pointing in a strange direction!
Maybe like this...
Shoujo? There's no way I can turn into a girl!
It's coming!
A cosplayer?
Explain it to everyone!
...are appointed as a Masou-Shoujo!
I thought so too!
Stop.
One day this strange looking guy...
I just don't want to think about these troublesome things.
I have confidence in my fried eggs.My fried eggs are the best!
Everyone! Aikawa's bento is amazing!
Next time make something different, and put some rice in there at least.
I want to eat something besides fried eggs.
I wanted to try acting like I was from another world.Change like 65 to make sure it does!
I'm so sorry! Eat up!
Yeah, yeah. Being your Onii-chan isn't easy.Onii-chan has lots of work to do!
Yes, I'm a vampire ninja.
By the way, what are you to Hellscythe?
I will make it clear to you which of us should be Hellscythe-dono's servant.
However, you are not a human with life.
Even though I'm a zombie, I still feel pain, you know.
Then, here I come!
My specialityspecial technique is the Swallow Reversal Technique.I'm good at the Swallow Reversal Technique.
With this, you can no longer use your Swallow Reversal Technique.
You're in a hurry.
We're home!
Oh, I get it!
You lost the fight, right?!
What is she talking about?
I want to know too.
For example, you must wear a maid uniform and be nice every morning.
And then in the bath...
She seems to have her own reasons for being like that.
I didn't think talking to a cute girl could be this much fun.
JyaWell then, if you're here by yourself this late, people will hit on you.
This is...
Damn.
This is no joke.
That's how I became a zombie.
Huh?
O-Of course.
Don't laugh! It's gross.
Damn insect.
Why are you playing too?
Checkmate!
I'm impressed.
Eh? Masked set?
The one wearing uniforms are too childish. It's just not right.
I want be closer to you, seor.
When you say that, I feel a little bad,
How many heart-throbbing moments have there been?
You per-vert.
Aikawa!
It's because I'm a zombie.
It must be a girl.
No, this is...
No, it's totally fine.
Actually, I... saw.
it seemed like she felt nothing about killing people.
The pudding is mine!
Loli busty young frail characters are so awesome!
Senpai.
Shall I make you have twintails?
Meat, meat, crab, Meat, prawn, and eggs!
Your first time?
Eat this...?!
He's a zombie. That's not an issue.
Yep.
Seems like it's Dai-sensei.
Terror?
Hellscythe-sama...
So you were the one responsible.
Listen, in reparation for healing the wounds of others, she takes the pain onto herself.
The scene of the crime is right over there.
The souls are no longer here.
They were probably sacrificed.
King of the Night?isn't dracula the king of the night? -masat
I can't see his face.
Eu, do you have a moment?
That must have hurt back then, didn't it?
The movement of my heart disrupts my magic powers.
EuSo, don't do it again.
Eu Yes. Even if I die, the magic powers will still activate.
That's a...
For my sake! And only my sake!For the sake of me! For only the sake of me!Holo... this braketed version was the existing edit. I would kill someone whoever edited like this
What are you doing? Hurry up and defeat it.
As this rate, the town will be crushed.
It's so heavy...
Please...
Relax.
H-Hey, if you like, next time, you could suck my blood-
Haruna! Dinner's ready, so come downstairs-
Hello.
Yes, I'll try asking some of my friends.
And they don't accept cash on delivery either.
Eh?
It's from Dai-sensei.
About that, could you do me a favour?
So tomorrow, let's meet at my recommended best spot.
...while I killed time and waited until my meet-up with Kyouko-chan.
EuStay here tonight.
I'll do my best to come back as soon as possible.
May I volunteer for the position?
Something you want?
How many times do I have to kill you before you die?
I just happened to manipulate their memories a bit, like Orito-san's.
Oshi, Hashitawa, Dokeda, Gunmicha, De, Ribura.
Long time no see, Haruna.
Sera, is she...?
Annoying antics.
I didn't know you had such interests, you pervert!
Now I see how words can be like swords piercing your heart.
Now, time for me to be serious. Please die!
I'll have to refuse both.
Let go. Let go, damn it. You pervert!
Secret Technique: Swallow Reversal!
I guess it's over.
I've been waiting for you, Necromancer.
More like, she's too much trouble, so please take her back with you.
So, you're finally here.
Eu.
Don't tell me...
Magic powers are to be consumed by even greater magic powers.
Obsessing over a single boring man...
EuGo home.Original is "Go back to where you came from" changed it to a more literal traslation due to the meaning been a bit off with that - Nana
All that was just the power of her armour.
Because of her powerful ability to kill...
sign Die
All my magic... release!
What do you think this feeling is?
Let's do this!
Yeah.
Are you an idiot?!
What it means to take a life...
My life changed because you killed me.
How dare you...
No...
That's a relief.
Eu Thank- Good work, servant.
What's with that carefree attitude of yours?
We've encountered someone quite troublesome...
The serial killings have ended.
However, it's not like the seeds of insecurity have disappeared.
That's what I should be saying!
Onii-chan, these rice balls from the convenience store are very yummy.
I'm here for you.
Eat it immediately.
Density good.
Good evening, Aikawa Ayumu here.
That's why I'm now being taught the origin of the universe by this genius teacher.
Eu Let me see your exercise book.
Ayumu! A wildMegalo has appeared! Let's go!
Don't make so much noise!
Ah, thanks.
Fragile?
Ho- Hot! Ho- Hot...
Damn it!
No. No. No. No way man.
My breath worked.
Get here faster!
Mama will get mad at me!
Ah! That's! Ahh!
The Megalo are disappearing from just having Tonkotsu Ramen splashed on them?
Don't come near me so nonchalantly, please.
That hurts! Seraphim!
Give up! I said I give up!
Why did I have to lose my first kiss to a boy...
You conceited perverted damn insect!
From now on, make sure to brush your teeth before you check to see if someone's a boy or girl.
A second serving of noodles, was it? I won't hold back then.
But even if you did ask me questions, I wouldn't know how to answer them.
I do not.
Say, would you like to join our faction?
Eh? Yeah.
It seemed like it'd be a quite a nuisance...
Regarding that, my superiors will take care of it.
For Vampire-Ninjas, a kiss symbolizes marriage regardless of where and when it happens.
We're all waiting on you.
The preparations are done!
Hmm, Dai-sensei's?
Ah, wait...
Why are you here?
According to William Shakespeare, a woman during adolescence is like a May flower in full bloom.
Honestly, what were you looking at through these glasses?
Oh, I made a mistake.
Have I kept you waiting, Haruna?
You're cute, Haruna.
There has to be a limit to being a damn insect.
Eu Miracle.
In your head, that is.
Give me some too!
Yuki, it's the last lap!
Though, Aikawa's bento kinda made me laugh.
Hey, Kanami!
It can't be helped! Our rules say...
Welcome home, Ayumu!
Why are you naked?added, GUESSLATED; TLC -masatmasat can start TLCing lol, its correct - Nanakoto
The way I talk? Is there something wrong with it?
No, no, you have your charms.
I see!
Aikawa, here you go.
Aikawa... I mean, Ayumu... I made this for you.
It'd better not be like the tonkotsu ramen bento you made last time.changed pork into tonkotsu for consistency - Nanakoto
H-Here, dig in.
Just call me Tomonori.
Huh?
That's why you should also fall in love with me, with all your might!
Eh? Sure.
Ah, nothing...
Dear...
Thank you very much.
I want you to... kiss me!
inviting me on a date and then turning it into a group activity... What were you thinking?!
To be honest, aren't you a little happy that I call myself your bride?
But I'm only 16 years old, so marriage isfscx300-
Eucliwood.
More importantly, I'm surprised.
The order to assassinate Hellscythe-dono came...
Do you really intend to kill Eu?
If you continue refusing to listen to what I want...
Seriously?!
Ayumu!
Yeah.
I wonder what kind of rumours they are?
Ooh, how embarrassing!added -masat
What was that just now?
Final echelon confirmed.
Now, while you have the chance!
Releasing limiters ?.
This is Tomonori we're up against.
Understood.
H... Hold on, Tomonori!
Otherwise, you'll be blown away as well.
I won't give up until you've granted my desire.
Don't worry about it. C'mon, let's head home.
Oh... My home is this way.
...Later, then!
But I cannot exist alongside you.
Because everything is my fault.
If I stay with you as I have been, someone else will suffer.
A few months have passed since Eu's disappearance.
The old me would have been telling myself,
"There has to be a way."
What are you doing, sissy-Ayumu?
This isn't spaghetti!
You disgust me.
It's very high quality.
I don't think the beautiful sounds...
Oh my! Good evening, Yoruno-san!
I see. That's good to hear.
You're a good girl, aren't you, Happy-chan?
You! Don't tell me...
Fine. If that's how it is, I should kill you all.
Secret Technique: Swallow Reversal!
Tomonori! Did you come to save us?
Don't speak to me so freely.
But that'll take time, so...
Does he know where she is?
Thank you, Tomonori.
Are you all right, leaf lady?
Can't you wait until after eating to talk about that?
Here, your seconds.
Don't you think eternity is cruel and boring?
You can eat if you'd like.
What is it?
After a few minutes, that bomb will explode.
Euuu!
What's it doing?
Haruna, can you stop the timer?
Don't just guess! You have to think about it!
Hey!
I've been showing up since the first episode!
I suppose there is no other option.
I'll have to wake this damn insect with some...
Haruna...
How about you just disappear?
You filthy, rotten fiends!
I... I'm hated by Eu... by everyone-
From the beginning, she's-
I... I don't ever mess around.
Saraswati...
We've been searching for you, Eu.
Yeah... But something was missing.
A Megalo has been called forth... by Eucliwood, of course.
I've been wanting to see that sorrowful face.
You perverted freak...
I bet it's hard... you're sad... I'm sure you hate me.
...that it is painful to die... but it is better than living.
Don't screw with me!
Shut up! We're in the middle of something important.
Leave it to Haruna-chan.
No way...
Incredible, Haruna!
Her smile?
Do you know what Eu's favourite foods are?
But she's had no choice but to try hard and live with it.
I'm a penguin... I love penguins.never saw a villain say that line yet, lol -masat
Will you help me do something about my fate?
Welcome back, Eu.
We've been invited to Yggdrasil!
Having a damn insect see my skin is a disgusting thought.
Even though I won't say that, I'll stay by your side.
Eu Pool
Aikawa Ayumu, you've reached the historical record...
Tomonori!
Hellscythe-dono... It looks like she's having fun.
Eu Laugh
Outrageous?! What do you mean by that?
Lovely...?
Why should I care?
Huh?
Huh? This is a mission, then?
I can't believe that Sera-san was really an idol...
Or is this very moment her dbut? An introduction event?
What an amazing performance!
I'm going to lose.
I don't care. Just listen to my song!
What an opening...
Is anything all right with you?
She's flying!
It's just starting.
My concert...
Everyone's watching!
The Necromancer's singing.
You'll be fine if you use Haruna-chan's magic.
Since when was Haruna so helpful?
Haruna and Eu singing As long as I remember the words,
No... As a zombie?
But it's great.
Mystletainn-sensei!!
Disgusting!
What kind of perverted hobby is this?
...dokeda gunmicha de ribura!
Nomobuyo, Oshi, Hashitawa...
Today will be cloudy,
with rain in some areas.
But to be honest, that's a lie.
No!
Dinner.
When I woke up from a nap, it was already evening.
I'd be dead.
Orito, what's going on?
Kumacchi!
You're not a human?
Haruna-chan!
Wait, what the...
Right now!
Like I said, I'm a zombie.
Lower half? You pervert!
Of course! Be sure to make lots of food and snacks.
I see. It's just like a phone.
Refrain Year Rising Class,
attendance number: 634'526'379, Haruna.
Are Eu and I the beings destabilizing this world?
I've got various reasons.
Yeah, thanks.
Nope, that's no good.
I hope they're not fighting.
I want you.
but I didn't think a worse fate would await me.
Haruna! Why are you there?
...am a zombie!
Those limits don't apply to me!
Shoujo? There's no way I can turn into a girl!
It came!
No...
Stop it!
Don't look!
My peaceful days... They were a lie.
Don't look!
However, I'm still not happy about becoming one.subject matter carried from previous sentence
Where's the rice?!
He's taken this joke too far...As you'd expect, that idiot went too far.I don't like this line. I think the CR one was better
Trade me for this bread, okay?
Shut up! It's fried eggs every day for the likes of you!
It's ready!
Huh? What?
Ayumu, give me a lot more!
Just wait, I'm doing it now.
It's all about the Swallow Reversal Technique, huh?
What are you here for?
By the way, what are you to Hellscythe-dono?
Let's go somewhere without people.
Sera-san, was it?
However, you are not a human with life.
Do you want to surrender?
My hobby...
Swallow Reversal Technique!
...a zombie.
What happened to the pride of a Vampire-Ninja?
What is she talking about?
No. You damn insect!
Hellscythe-dono has closed off her heart.
I'm pretty sure I'm more of an expert with young women than some stupid man.
My eyes were captivated by a silver-haired girl in armour.My eyes caught a silver-haired girl in armour.
Excuse me, do you believe in UFOs?
Your eyes totally trapped me!
What's this?
This is no joke.
Just who are you?
So, I'm a necromancer's servant,
Fine, fine.
Die! Idiot!
Eu...
Eat it...
Not to mention your weapon isfscx300-
M-My beloved pudding is a Megalo?!
Last one, lucky!
So this is two on one?
Bring it on.
It's Ayumu's fault for not buying enough in the first place.
He had an umbrella, so he's probably fine.
When I first met him, he didn't die even when I cut him in half.
Bowling?
Poor you. No one wanted to go with you, huh?
Stop! They can all hear you!
...impossible!
So this means I win, right?
He's odd.
It's fun to watch.
Let's have sushi, on Ayumu's tab.
Huh?
I want be closer to you, seor.
Ah, yeah...
Cute girls just can't leave me alone, after all.
Masked Ayumu!
You... by any chance... know these girls?
Why are you answering my question with a question?!
Orito.
No, if in the 1 in 10,000...
I meant my body would become shaped like a sandbag.
If I win, I shall live in your house from today on!
Yes.
Hm?
Hey Kyouko, I said you should have a twintail hairstyle, didn't I?
I didn't think Aikawa-san would really come...
You went to middle school with her, right?
Actually, I...
Hm?
I'll put those flowers in a vase for you.
I'll leave her with you for a bit, then.
If you did, then even if it's just a little bit,
You did?
What kind of a person was it?
I mean, because I'm narrowing down my case.
Please tell me about that person!
Yes.
Ah, this?
What's so fun about that?
Hurry! Eat it before the bowl melts!
He's a zombie. That's not an issue.
I'm a guardian of the underworld.
You've come to drag me back to hell again?
You've been here all this time?
You should have just told me earlier.
The scene of the crime is right over there.
Whafscx300-
I can't move?!
I can't see his face.
You mustn't... make her sad...
He was a surprisingly good person, huh?
That's why I mustn't allow myself to show my emotions.
That's why I mustn't allow myself to utter a single word.
The gauntlets and plate armour are for sealing my magic powers.
My powers have nothing to do with my will.
When have I ever said I hated you?
But this is a bit beyond what I'd imagined.
you damn insect.
Damn it!
Make an incision on Shironaga's neck.
What the hell is this?!
It won't hurt.
Don't look this way.
Also, starting today, I have another new title.
Yes, but as long as I can replenish my blood, I won't die so easily.
If you just needed to suck Haruna's blood, why did you kiss her?
I told you to not open it, didn't I?
Kyotofu?
Yes, that's right.
In that case, I can take care of that somehow.
but there's no Kyotofu from Kyoto in Tokyo.
How puzzling.
Ah, but recently, something unexpected happened.
Kyouko-chan? Good, I was just about to call you.
Please don't leave Eu behind!
Here, the Kyotofu you requested.
Thanks. Sorry for asking you out to a strange place like this.
They were all lies.
Why would you do such a thing?
Immobilised with just one magical barrier, and you intend...
Hey, say something, Ayumu!
Ayumu's enemy? Then she's my enemy too.
Is the enemy a human?
Don't worry. She's a monster pretending to be human.
Why does she have the same magic powers as a Megalo?
Don't screw around with me! As if I'd want that!
I refuse to do that too!
How does it feel to be defeated by a pervert?
I guess it's over.
So you're finally here.
What drew in the Megalo was also...
The world's greatest and most powerful spiral of magic...
Who would...?
All that was just the power of her armour.
Because of her powerful ability to kill...
That's because Eu is closer to death than anyone else...
...and she's very sad.
Saying "die, die" like that. Is that the only word you know?
After we get home, will you help me think of a name for it?
I didn't dislike you, you know, Aikawa-san!
That's right. Stupidity is something that can't be cured without dying.
Let go!
I don't want to die...
Everyone thought the same.
That's a relief.
For now, I guess.
I was worried whether my student was going to get killed or not.
Let's stop, shall we?
I'll have to re-educate her.
That's what I should be saying!
Anything I eat with Onii-chan is yummy though! Nyaan
In the past, I changed him into a zombie.
But he was consumed by malice,
I thought you were making pudding.
You don't need to force yourself to eat it.
No, I'm going to eat it though.
I was the one who did most of the work.
What do you think of your current lifestyle?
I don't dislike it.
Good evening, Aikawa Ayumu here.
As you can see, I don't want to go to school during summer for the make-up work.
Also with the universal string theory, there's something else I want to touch on.
Where are the process equations?
Eh?
There are... no process equations.
No, no, if I don't write the process equations on the test, I won't get points.
The path of mathematics is long, unyielding and far.
Thank you! Onii-chan is overjoyed!
Her cooking is delicious too.
Anyway, I'll have it sent over to you, for sure.
Hot! Hot! Hot! Hot!
Damn it!
Ayumu...
Well, it seems like you're fine.
Oh! More! More!
From now on, make sure to brush your teeth...
Delicious!
Right?
Then why are you giving it to me?
But, it's your favourite food...
Ah, I see. What was it called again?
we visited and ate at just about every Tonkotsu ramen restaurant,
No, how should I put it...
Hey, but if you did that, the town would be filled with thick sticky soup.
How boring. It's about time for me to excuse myself.
You're leaving, too?
Yes, if that was used, it'd be problematic on an ecological level.
I see, that's fine then.
Forget about mine. Hurry up and write yours.
Aikawa Ayumu, right?
No! To us, that incident was not something minor!
Have I kept you waiting, Haruna?
Did you forget? You were the one who appointed me.
You're cute, Haruna.
W-What are...
That was an accident, remember?
Yuki, it's the last lap!
Aikawa? Well, yeah.
I mean, because of certain circumstances,
What kind of circumstances are you talking about?
It has to be handmade food, right?
Why are you naked?
You think so?
This looks... tasty.
A secret message, huh?
All right.
Aikawa! Let's go home together!
Say, what kind of house does a Vampire-Ninja live in?
You can't talk about that in such a loud voice!
Say, Tomonori?
I was thinking of picking you up, Ero-Ayumu.
Somehow, I'm pissed off.
Aikawa! Can I come along, too?
All right, it's a date!
Ah, nothing...
Tada!
And then, put these on too!
D-Dear...
Okay, let's grab some food.
Let's eat!
I...
Do I have to lose against her?!
That's impossible.
But it's too bad.
because our organisation thought the Megalo attacks might have something to do with her magic power.
You cannot defy a law. That's why I'm your bride!
Of course I'll ask!
Sera...
Then let's go!
It disgusts me.
Aikawa!
No matter how you look at this, it's wrong!
Hurry up, you damn insect!
Hang in there!
I'm sorry to interrupt you in the middle of something...
By the way, what is it you want?
Hey! What are you trying to do? Tomonori!
It's no good. With this thing being so big...
Damn it! Move! Move! Move!
What the?!
Get up!
Get up! Maelstrom!
That's right. This is where we part ways.
Break forth, Masticore.
I thought about having Ayumu-san look after her, but...
I'm all right. I'm a zombie after all.
Hey, what's wrong?
There's no reason for you to explode with me.
You think I can leave you? I can't, Yuki!
Whew...
Don't worry about it. C'mon, let's head home.
This has all been my fault. I'm sorry.
If I hadn't been here, today's incident would never have happened.
I was so happy and accepted those feelings.
I want my cooking to make everyone here happy.
Do you know what "political correctness" is?
The old me would have been telling myself,
There's a different me, screaming:
At least bring in the damn laundry!
Sera!
I was trying to think of what kind of lie I should tell.
Oh, was the bathwater suitable?
Is that a Strada model?
Oh my! Good evening, Yoruno-san!
You! Don't tell me...
We've found the man in question. Requesting reinforcements.
I will.
Sorry...
Just hurry up and go!
Really?!
You can make that?
Never mind! Hurry up and put on a jacket!
I slipped!
You do it like this.
She's probably with that man.
I'd like you to return Eu to us.
We're having a meal together, after all.
It's delicious, you know...
Thank you!
Everybody wishes they could live forever,
I...
You were just sitting down to dinner?
We have enough for you as well.
Aikawa!
Haruna!
It won't come off!
Just take it back!
Idiot, idiot, idiot!
You did it, Haruna!
Huh?!
Say something.
Don't worry. I'm a zombie.
Why didn't you take my hand?
...how truly disgusting he is.
I suppose there is no other option.
Why won't he get up?
I was trying to save Haruna!
Wait... this is all wrong.
As I thought, the special magic that Aikawa-san cast on you was a perfect 100!
This time, it's your turn to cast a spell on Aikawa-san.
Dis...appear?
Disappear...
Are you implying that I'm annoying?!
If you've grown that timid, you don't have to come back.
But you won't lift a finger.
You know, when I achieved immortality,
The same as ever.
It looks like if I hurt him, you'll become sad.
There are too many of them...
That fog is getting in the way.
We'll do that, Ayumu!
Why can't you understand that Eu doesn't want to kill her friends?!
You've known her so much longer than I have, so why can't you understand her?!
Her smile?
Do you know what kind of face she makes when she's having fun?!
Do you know what kinds of memories she lives with every single day?!
...the pain that comes from never dying.
But... you will meet with misfortune.
We've been invited to Yggdrasil!
Tomonori!
You're making an expression like a sexual predator...
This is the look of an affectionate, tasteful man.
You damn insect...
Laugh.
Why should I care?
She's my absolute ideal!
I don't really get it, but the fact that you get obsessed with stupid crap is definitely clear.
Huh?
Whoa! She's cute!
"Live in shadow; die in shadow," is the code of a Vampire-Ninja.
But while in the light, I am... Lovely Kirara!
The arrival of an amazing newcomer!
Sera... How dare you...
No...
Hey, newcomer! You have an amazing body!
Stop this at once!
I will show you... the world of carnage.
I'm going to lose.
It's stuck!
Yeah!
My live concert...
My live concert...
Why did it come to this?
Eu singingblur5 With only that, I'm happy.
How did it come to this?
In this moment of happiness, we can just watch and enjoy...
You...
Once you do, you may never be able to return to your normal life.
It's pretty empty.
I see. Haruna wants you to win to protect Eu and Sera from the guys.
Did Sera put something in that cotton candy?
You're cooling it down.
How about you, Aikawa?
Really?
I won't let your sacrifice be in vain.
The thing you lack is...
For him to recover so quickly after eating Sera's dressing...
If you deny it, aren't you denying yourself?
I was wrong.
Damn those two perverts.
It's in your hands now, you damn insect.
Because Yukinori can't be bothered right now.
Aesthetics
Take it out carefully...
Oh no!
I might see them!
Indeed lol
Seconds, please.
What were you reminiscing about?
Right, Orito?
"When this mission is over, I will..."...rejoice in the fact that I'll never have to touch this script again.--Paw
As it stands, in order for every minute and every second to last longer...
Looks like this is it for me!
I can't...
It's no big deal for me to let you see this.I pulled this edit out of my ass.--Paw
"...and survive!"
Hiramatsu's breasts!
I mustn't look! I mustn't look! I mustn't look! alt style so we can see her boobs - holo
The winner is Yoshida Yuki-san of Class 1-D!Should we capitalize "class"? I'm too lazy to look up other shows.--Paw
You're so kind, Hiramatsu.
I think you're kinder.
I'm sorry.
I've always admired you, Aikawa-kun.
I'm Aikawa Ayumu.
Oh! What is this?!
you twisted idiot.
What's wrong with you, Ayumu?
Ayumu, this place is so much fun!
So you go ahead.
Well, what do you see Haruna as?
Haruna is pretty lonely.
That's not possible.
They're still at it?!
You're a disgusting worm who crawled out of a rotten watermelon!
W-What the hell is this costume?
Huh? Ayumu, what are you doing?
Haruna, this isn't funny!
It hurts.
As expected of a Masou shoujo.
Hey!
Like hell anyone would do that!
Okay, present time!
Yay!
Well then, let's have some cake.
It's gotten attached to you because you've been feeding it.
Ayumu...
Unfortunately, fate chooses who shall be thrown into the fray and learn these secrets
I'll see you later.
Here, Aikawa, hold onto my shoulder.
What?
What's a grade-schooler doing here?
She doesn't look like she goes to school here.
I'm the prodigy Masou Shoujo, Haruna.
My stomach's been like a black hole lately!
at Ayumu's repulsive cross-dressing anymore.
You shouldn't say that!
Tomonori, make lunch for me, too.
I'm... I'm Aikawa's bride at school.
Sounds like he has it made.
Here it is!
See you tomorrow.
The days have been getting longer lately.
It's just what I do, but I don't think a child would understand.
I feel like I can talk to you about anything!
Miss Fairy.
The mysteriousness is one thing, but the cross-dressing takes it to a whole new level!
Huh?
Right, Aikawa-kun?
Miss Fairy!
I've got deja vu.
Why is your aura like that of a magical girl?
I want you!
So your magic didn't come back to you.
I don't have a choice.
He was the guy?
It turns me on!
You hit the nail on the head!
He's mumbling something.
Wow, Original Eu!
Teehee!
This is another one of the many thorn-laden paths that a chosen one must traverse.
but everyone around me is out of their minds!but people around me start acting beyond my expectation.
Miss Fairy, thank you!
Oh, sure!
What...
I can't do this!
Tomonori?!
Ah... I see.
And the stars are gorgeous at night!
Uh...
Did I do something wrong?
My feet hurt!
Why do I even try?
L-Like I said, I don't mean it that way!
T-That aside, isn't Haruna taking too long?
Oops...
Can I call you...
Okay.
Ayumu!
Guh...
Ayumu, I assume that there's an explanation as to why you're in such an "uncomfortable" position again.
I won't stop him if he tries to eat you!
I'm jealous.
Yukinari, do you hate me?
Thanks for bringing me here...
Let's come here to watch the stars next year too, Ayumu.
just leave it to the founder of the Fried Egg Research Club,
What the hell is this?!
What are you saying?
I can't accept such a reality.
Until my tainted soul is pure once more?
Okay, I understand.
What?!
Just kidding!
This show doesn't need more Eus.
I knew Onii-chan could pull off such a fabulous dress!
What's so cool about that dung beetle?
Is it his face?
Limit?
What is the meaning of all those?
Is now a good time to talk?
She's saying the same thing as Haruna.
What?
First, I'll remove that cute cover...
Your cute insides are all exposed.
Don't look!
Does it feel good here?
I can see your cherished place!
I need a drill, not a duck!
In other words, the Masou circuit shield blanket has become overloaded.
Then please make it fast.
Jeez.
Aikawa-san?
Even though it's logical,
Anderson-kun.
I just want to live in peace, you know?
But for flower viewing, I'll choose Shch instead.
And turn!
Your dance is without a doubt...
What good point? Look at what you've done!
What have you been doing anyway?
Become a first-class support dancer in one day.
Got it, Master.
At this rate, we'll have casualties.
How are you doing?
I'm fine!
but they haven't improved one bit.
Don't give up.
You're the one who needs me!
Got it.
I can't breatheee...
Wow, Ayumu!
It's been a while, you two.
How wonderful!
Modern technology is amazing. This model has such intricate detail.
You loyalty-card faggot.
It represents the sadness of war in Hong Kong.
Well, if you're not mad, then it's all good I guess.
I have to pass the time somehow, you know.
If you walk along a certain back road in the shopping district...
Once you see hot girls cosplaying, you'll never crossdress again.
Ah, thanks.
What's that smug look on your face for?
I made it into a cosplay cafe.
Is this course really that popular?
Her legs are truly gorgeous.
You could say that Saras rented me out.
You sure have a nice body, Sera-san.
Aikawa, I'm so happy you came!
Huh?
That line must be hard for you.
I'll have you pay with your body if you fail, my damn darling!
Yoshida Yuki!
Tell me your orders already!
You worthless insects have no right to live!
This restaurant has some fine talent.
Order something already!
Did you snap?
I don't think normal methods will work on her.
I can handle it.
Taste its might.
The ultimate feeling of disgust.
Okay?
I want you to make it.
You don't need to force yourself to eat it, you know.
Not bad, my damn darling.
Onii-chan, does this look good on me?
Ayumu, quit fawning over her!
Look here.
Yes?
Accept your defeat, and offer your buttocks to me!
Yeah.
We survived!
Eucliwood.
You guys are pretty late.
Because the orange's white parts are bitter!
Hey, be careful.
Don't worry! I'll make you feel better, Eu!
Hmm?
Are you busy?
Yeah!
Blow on her?!
Huh?!
Yeah. I got it.
What's wrong?
This symptom...
Come to think of it, if people from the underworld eat the forbidden fruit,
I forgot.
Hey!
Come now. Don't be such a bore, Seraphim.
It's not working.
She really did get better.
I'm the older sister!
Haruna, I'm going to sterilize it. Please wait.
Hey.
Seriously?
I will guide you.
Haruna's enthusiasm is infectious.
T-Take this.
What on Earth is that?
Okay.
So maybe... youth?
The feeling of being saved by a comrade who fought at your side
Oh, great!
It's already late. Go home.
You were leading everyone.
I'm home!
S-Sensei!
I'll be back!
Everyone!
Do you plan to send me back to where I was?
A-Aikawa?
Okay.
No.
Also,
Aw, don't say anything else! You're embarrassing me!
Noooo!
Hey!
What's your bra size?
Noooo!
Double Mystletainn Kick!
As expected of me, the brilliant Demon Baron Masou Shoujo, Haruna-chan!
It's time you left.
I'm behind-the-scenes today.
Come help.
T-T-T-Then... here goes nothing.
To hide a tree, you hide it in a forest!
What?!
If you wanna drink shochu, you have to have the courage to say no to beer!
Why did this happen?
There's also a sexy older lady who does the cleaning and laundry.
On top of that, you have another cute girl who's the little-sister type who lets you fantasize about her.
Wait, why did my teacher turn into Miss Fairy?
And then, with the magic-regulation ring, I absorbed only the necessary amount of mana.
With this, I can speak and have feelings without any problems.
Chris!
That was me too!
The reason that Haruna and Tomonori's CD couldn't sell was...
It is the heart that determines the true value of a person!
Anderson-kun!
People are judged by their looks.
An old man who wants to be a little girl!
What a shame!
I would run out of breath from just walking up the stairs.
Huh?
Aikawa-kun, so you are a pedo
My hips are moving on their own!
Whoa!
Just give the mana back to Haruna and bring everyone back!
Ayumu, you idiot! Don't look down on me!
What?
Listen to me for once, will you?!
That sounds tasty.
I'm not so sure I would even be a match for her.
I think it's best to let things work themselves out.
Ah, if you say so...
Endo Harubaru...
I've reflected on my actions already in solitary confinement.
Entertain you?
Yes.
I understand.
Aikawa-senpai!
Want to go to the nurse's office?
The stress is drying him out!
I need to get some fun out of it.
The life of a shinobi is neither boring nor exciting.
I simply follow my orders.
What foolishness.
What a carefree ass he has.
Mixers are another one of Gaia's systems.
Okay, everyone.
Huh? We have to have even numbers at a mixer?
Everything's gonna be all right. I'm here with you.
Aikawa-san, you shouldn't embarrass a girl.
God, help me!
I won't let Aikawa hog all the good parts to himself!
I don't dislike you, Aikawa-san.
He's getting embarrassed.
I heard you were hosting, so I just had to come.
Dai-senseiI mean...
Let's get pumped up together!
I'm coming, so wait for me!
Pardon me?
You always make fun of others like that!
This place?
Just do whatever you want to me.
I love you,
But everyone's memories of me are going to be erased.
Let's do it!
What are you talking about?
the Seventh Abyss was created.
I see.
What? Are you serious?!
What?
I'm holding a concert the day after tomorrow.
Is she not in?
Uh, this is a pretty thin book, isn't it, Naegleria Nebiros-san?
She went back to sleep!
Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm probably the only one who can defeat her.
Did you buy my food?
I'll get the police called on me for sexual assault!
You perverted scumbag!
Hey, that wasn't what she meant...
Ah, wait, what, no...
you underlings!
You kept your promise and came.
That's enough for me.
From now on I'll try my best to change that about myselffscx300-
That hit the spot!
She's right!
More, more!
What on earth are you planning?
Huh? But, Haruna's mana isfscx300-
A trial?what?
No, please, Onii-chan,
Are you going to forget about me, too?
You have to pass it, no matter what.
You're going to be a teacher too?
I don't understand geniuses.
Make sure you beat them properly. -- 
You're all perverts! Idiots!
Oh! My students...
This guy sure is a gentleman.
They seem to be in trouble.
No!
Why are you weird people in my house?
Dai-sensei.
I don't want to believe that my time spent here was in vain.
you should be able to bring back Ayumu-san's memory.
Take care.
I think this is just like you.
You finally came, you bird-brained bugs.
No! Stop it, don't speak anymore.
Impossible.
Let's go.
Until today, that is.
Yeah.
Are we going to fight here again?
Cool.
Bayumu, you bastard.
But there are many secrets that must not be known.
I will have less assistants though; that's a drag.
You bird brain!
But the trouble never goes away.
You're just trying to steal the show and look cool.
Thank you! Don't forget about us!
Thus, I held a festival!
Tomonori, why are you here?
I'm fine.
So then, the long-awaited Sera's homemade dressing...
Your death shall not be in vain.
Yes
The thing you lack is...
In fact, I realy want a nyannyan voucher!
Damn it.
Take good care of it.
I have a cooking lesson.
Who said that you could move?
The recipes in this painting are very interesting.
So tomorrow I am going to let Dai-sensei take look at it.
Ore something alike.
Odd breasted? I can't ignore those words.!
Let's go!
They are always prepared for enemy raids.
Well okay, I am a zombie.
cautious
So the first round of preliminaries.
I can't be together with criminals.
feet.
To look down on you.
Don't look Aikawa.
My eyes...
Major, also in combat
So till next time!
From that day on, I was alway looking to Aikawa
What nice weather.
You can pay for my lunch.
My toupee?
Yuu, I'm home.
What?
This is what they call "tsun," isn't it?
Onii-chan, I'm hungry.
"Sleep."
If I were still dead...
Who is she?
Did you see the news?
I probably won't find anything in my random searches, though.
It's a little hard to believe, but...
Show some respect for the dead.
Well?
Prodigious Masou-Shoujo of Virie...
Huh? My magic's not working.
Masou-Shoujo!
What do you want me to do?
Naturally, you'll prepare plenty of food and snacks.
Virie's phones are these classy things.
I'm not sure I get it...
What are you doing staying late these days?
Reasons you can't go home?
I brought this today.
Should I think of her as a noisy stray cat that's come to stay?
I hope they aren't fighting.
I want you.
I will make you mine.
but I never imagined a more terrible fate would be waiting for me.
No human is this strong!
But I...
He's hard.
Damn it.
Shut up! Just do something!
Nomobuyo, Yoshi, Hashitawa...
It's working...
Really?
I'm a zombie.
That's all.
Time for lunch...
I didn't make this for you.
At the very least, include some white rice.
I'm sorry. Eat up!
This is the fantasy of our weak-hearted protagonist Aikawa Ayumu. CV Kanai Mika
Thank you for the food.
I will cut you to ribbons until you cannot fight.
Zombies still feel pain.
when this is all you can do.
Does this mean...
This is my home.
Oh, I see.
I'd like to ask the same thing.
No, you piece of shit.
That's just how Yuu is.
Are you certain? She seems to have her reasons.
It was my fault for thinking I could talk to a girl.
What the hell?
I guess you're right.
I never thought talking with a cute girl could be this fun.
This doesn't look good.
"A necromancer."
I guess I'm a necromancer's servant...
I am prepared for a long battle.
What do you mean?
It was as though the sky was crying for Yuu.
That's not a kick!
After every fight I always feel...
Time to eat!
Tsubamegaeshi secret sword technique.
"You are not giving me all of it?"
It's Ayumu's fault for not buying one for everyone.
I was surprised.
Are you okay, Aikawa-kun?
Sorry, I'm not interested.
Bowling?
It's okay.
What?
Let's get some take out.
Let us have sushi.
Kids in uniforms aren't enough for me.
My chest is about to burst open.
She must be a magazine model or something.
You think so?
I'd like to get to know you, seor.
You keep beautiful girls in your home?
Yeah, sure.
No, I'm sure of it!
I knew cute girls couldn't leave me alone.
Masked Ayumu!
What should I do?
Don't answer my question with a question!
Aikawa, what happened?
It happened so suddenly, my mind was all over the place.
I wouldn't be lying if I said I didn't want you to get involved in this.
I cannot imagine he is.
I'm unbelievably jealous, Aikawa!
On the one in 10 thousand chance...
they'd turn me into a sand bag.
They wouldn't hit me like a sand bag...
I am a zombie.
Why do I have to come, too?
Hey! How are you doing?
Sorry, I don't remember.
What do you think, Aikawa? Cute, huh?
We bought them on the way here.
How are you injuries?
It must be because of you.
A wooden sword?
I saw the culprit's face, so they might come after me again.
Tsubamegaeshi secret sword technique!
Next episode "Am I radiant?"
No. 1 Employee!!
Prev. Job: Zombie Pers: Shy
Help me!
It'll disappear at the end of this year, Onii-chan.
The protagonist of this story is a zombie. Don't try this at home!
What else is there? Would you rather chew on a shoe?
Ayumu, lend me your phone.
I'm coming.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
Doberman?
Hellscythe-sama?
"I forgot."
Aikawa-san, do you understand what it means for Hellscythe-sama to heal you?
Hellscythe-sama, you should not push yourself...
Stay here.
When Hellscythe-dono heals others, she takes on their pain.
That is her kindness.
Sacrificed.
It was used as an offering.
An offering to who?
The only one here is a kind girl!
"Can I stay with you?"
Laugh when you want to laugh.
You can't fight the way you are!
Nomobuyo, Oshi, Hashitawa...
Don't worry. Didn't I say I'd take care of it?
Oh, come on! It'll die if you cut its head off!
It's too thick...
Ayumu.
Don't do it, Ayumu!
So, my good friend!
Yes. So long as I have a continuous supply of blood, I can live quite easily.
I will tear out your legs, stuff them down your throat and fry you in oil.
Um, maybe you'd like to suck my blood some time...
Dogeda, Gunmicha, De, Ribura!
Your food will get cold!
What are they doing?
Yes, it's the errand I sent her on.
Yes, I am.
I'll see what I can do.
Leave your dishes in the kitchen, and I'll wash them later.
Memory manipulation?
But the only ones who can do that are...
Nomobuyo...
Isn't that what I've been saying?
You intend to fight me with such weak magic? Pathetic.
For once you're actually right.
What are you doing? Are you pretending to be a statue?
Oh? Those eyes...
Sera! Can you fight?
I realize now words can cut like swords!
Shall I cut you into pieces so you'll never revive again?
I've been waiting for you, necromancer.
"I didn't mess up your order! It's just well done!"
She's a huge hassle. Please take her home.
What amazing protective gear.
It can't be.
"Yes, I am the harbinger of death."
The most powerful Masou Shoujo.
Yuu!
"Do not use those words casually."
Hey, Ayumu.
but seeing the necromancer get beat makes my chest burn or something.
I can't die.
That's right. Only death with cure my stupidity.
Thank you. My life changed when you killed me.
No...
For now, I guess.
"Full course."
You're amazing.
Dai-sensei.
If that's what you came for, you should have shown up sooner.
I only came to get the tofu you promised me.
You did this to my student.
We will meet again.
What? I used ingredients from this world.
I thought you were making pudding.
Yes, yes.
Magic power one gigaton!
Red two! Blue one! Infusion begin!
I can't go to school under the blazing summer sun.
There aren't any steps.
Are you listening?
You're hopeless.
Got it.
I'm happy to do whatever I can.
There's something I'd like you to hold on to.
Just until I can get it myself.
Please make sure Haruna doesn't find out.
I guess I've got no choice.
That was quick!
Withdraw!
What is it?
She's cute! You're mine!
What? Who are you?
Yes, something like that.
This place, huh?
Words can't describe it.
You don't like chashu?
and examined this flavor until we were sick of it.
Amazing, isn't it?
How ridiculous. We should be leaving soon.
My superiors are taking care of it.
Mael.
For vampire ninjas, a kiss only happens during a wedding ceremony.
What? But we couldn't help it.
That's not marriage.
I see. That's why you couldn't suck my blood.
You mean you don't know? You're behind the times.
When the river of stars flows across the sky, a legendary man comes with his two beasts.
Why won't you look at me when you say that?
I've got nothing to say.
You're Aikawa Ayumu?
Uh, is this Dai-sensei's?
It's me.
What about it?
Hey, Tomonori.
How disgusting. What a miserable and indecent piece of shit.
Have you been waiting long, Haruna?
You're cute, Haruna.
No, Yuu.
How disgusting.
"The girl."
These eggs are pretty dark.
It was just hijiki.
What kind of circumstances?
Why are you naked?
No, I'll do it!
Spoken like a true member of the track and field team.
Kyun.
Do you really think I'm that unfeminine?
Aikawa, here.
Wait.
Don't be ridiculous! How am I supposed to do something so embarrassing?
Sure.
Do you want me to call you Yuki, then?
Besides, I've decided I'll be a good wife.
I feel like we'd get along, so why don't we just be friends instead of a married couple?
Now I'm pissed.
Just the two of us?
We might as well invite Sera and Yuu. Right, Haruna?
Aikawa.
How much is this going to cost me?
My eyes! My eyes!
Darling...
Onii-chan, I'm so hungry.
This is the fantasy of our weak-hearted protagonist Aikawa Ayumu. CV Hidaka Noriko
Let's eat.
Can't I?
It was just an accident.
I happened to run into you while taking a walk.
What were you thinking asking me out on a date and turning it into a group activity?
Huh? Where's the necromancer?
"I'll try playing tennis..."
To be honest, I'm pretty happy.
Why would you receive orders to kill Yuu?
I thought you wanted to take her back to your village.
Why would they want you to kill her?
I see. You couldn't forgive me for killing a Seventh Abyss.
I am a ninja.
Don't just run off in a random direction!
Please, Eucliwood. You're the only one who can grant my wish.
Do you want to take a look?
Nothing serious has happened to them so far...
What's wrong with this thing?
Your emotions bring destruction.
After all, you are the harbinger of death.
Don't give up.
Hang in there, Maelstrom.
First chant confirmed. Release procedure.
Thanks, Sera.
Nomobuyo, Oshi, Hashitawa...
Release this frozen heart.
First chant confirmed. Release procedure.
I see.
In this situation?
I thought you might say that.
Aikawa, what's happening to me?
It's really going to explode.
Hurry up and get away.
"Go on ahead."
"Ayumu, Haruna, Sera. You are all kind to me."
You should become a vampire ninja as well.
What's wrong with you?
Did you manage to find anything?
I have returned.
What happened, Sera?
for abandoning my mission.
Right.
Surely you are at least familiar with Stradivarius.
I can't believe he didn't buy extra pudding.
I'd like to ask you the same thing.
Who knows?
You're radiant like the sun.
Run, Haruna!
Unfortunately, I cannot allow myself to be captured here.
I will.
Yuu was?
It might be.
I made plenty, so I'd be happy to give you...
More, more, more, hey!
Let Yuu go.
That means she doesn't want to be with you.
Haruna!
I can't get it off.
What?
Really? Are you serious?
Aikawa.
Wait a minute.
I've been in this show since the first episode!
The protagonist of this story is a zombie. Don't try this at home!
Found his left leg. How disgusting.
Get out of my way!
he does not wish to wake up.
The necromancer was disillusioned by your weakness.
Excuse me.
It's quiet.
I thought you guys hate...
It's not my place to change her mind.
We don't need a weakling like you.
Ayumu.
Saraswati.
"But I will cause you trouble."
I wanted to see that sad expression.
Isn't it beautiful?
Isn't it painful? Isn't it sad?
The pain brings her tears, and she hates me enough to kill me...
What?
You can understand Mystletainn?
Okay.
So please...
I see. You're right.
I am sorry, Eucliwood.
I finally got my hands on this treasure.
"I understand."
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Did your wish come true?
Yes.
How disgusting.
"I love you, Onii-chan"?
Haruna, you finally did it on the very last one!
"Swimsuit."
You have a swimsuit.
Look at me, too.
Amazing, isn't it?
"Nice to meetcha"?
Let's go!
How? Tell me before you throw it!
Let's take it from the top!
Don't get left behind!
Perhaps it's something much more sinister.
Kirara-tan!
Fool.
Then I will tell you.
I do not believe this.
She threw herself into the flames!
Sera, what do you want?
You are right. I live in the shadows...
It is a cutthroat world of dog-eat-dog.
I did not...!
Sera, you called my pursuits in the idol world a childish, farcical, selfish lie.
An experienced idol has her own tricks up her sleeve!
I may not be able to pass her, but I can catch up!
I will stop you.
That's just your ego talking.
I can't believe you'd become an idol without consulting me first.
Is this a dream? Is this an illusion?
Producer.
"This is Shimomura. I'm right here..."
Sweat more!
How did this happen?
I'm happy for you, Yuu.
How did this happen?
No, I'm a zombie.
I shall grant your wish.
It's all over when you discover them.
Dinner's ready.
And a Masou Shoujo.
What nice weather.
Here.
Most people live their lives without ever realizing it...
Sorry, I just got hit by a truck.
Don't worry about helping me with those hands of yours.
Exactly what is she?
How many does that make?
That's why I look for my murderer every day.
It's a little hard to believe, but...
You're in my way. Move!
Don't speak.
Because I'm a zombie.
Show some respect for the dead.
What is this?
Necromancer of the Underworld, Eucliwood Hellscythe.
Hello? Hello?
Let's play this at your place.
Sounds like you've got some crazy things going on.
No!
Don't worry. I'm not scary.
You're terrifying!
I'm a genius.
That's right!
You stole my magic powers...
I'm not a pervert!
Let's see, uh...
You cross-dressing pervert...
No, wait. This is...
Stop.
Don't take pictures.
Don't look at me.
Stop!
Don't look at me!
I'll have her increase the types of dishes tomorrow.
Give me a break.
I love fried eggs.
Okay, okay.
Rice, rice. Hurry up.
Miso soup...
Fine.
You're a foreigner?
Everything's the "Swallow Reversal" secret sword technique?
I guess you could call me her guardian...
Why couldn't you call me your big brother?
I must do it for my mission.
Zombies still feel pain.
I like the "Swallow Return" secret sword technique.
I thought you were going home.
I have no choice.
Like gently waking me up every morning in a maid outfit.
Fuck!
Hey, yo! Yo, yo, yo!
If you stay here by yourself this late at night, someone's bound to hit on you.
I'll call an ambulance!
What should I do? But...
You're a death god?
That's how I became a zombie.
Ayumu, seconds!
Who the hell do you think I am?
You girls...
Eu, Haruna's not serious.
Shut up!
Die, die, go die!
And your weapon...
Nomobuyo, Oshi, Hashitawa, Dokeda, Gunmicha, De, Ribura!
Good morning.
I have a feeling today's going to be a terrible day.
"Swallow Reversal" secret sword technique.
I am Madame Hellscythe's servant.
He is a fool of a zombie to walk around during the day.
The first time I met him, he was still alive after I cut him in half.
He's more like a flatworm than a human.
I've chanced up two tickets. Could this be fate?
Let's go bowling.
I believe it is impossible to remove any more blocks.BLOCKS? MINECRAFT MINECRAFT MINECRAFT MINECRAFT
I thought this game only had a loser.
Upset victory.
You have my permission.
You think so?
How do you know?
It's your turn though. Hurry up and bowl.
Hey.
Look.
But Haruna's got quite the sense of humor.
You do know them!
Aikawa, what happened?
You asked me to show you.
They wouldn't hit me like a sand bag...
I didn't think Aikawa would actually come.
I'll do it right away.
Looks like you're done.
Actually, I...
I saw him.
He had very beautiful blue eyes...
It sounds like someone I know, but I've probably got the wrong person.
My grandfather gave it to me to protect myself.
This is what happened when I had the ninja help me.
Ayumu, eat up.
You cannot even touch this dish with something so weak.
She's more worried about the bowl than me.
I am the watchdog of the underworld.
In truth I do just the opposite.
Amazing. That was quick.
Is this your handiwork?
What did you come here for?
Someone's being killed?
When Madame Hellscythe heals others, she takes on their pain.
That's awful.
That is her kindness.
She thinks I'm special...
Sacrificing the souls of the dead grants an unbelievable amount of power.
I don't know any specifics.
I only know his name.
This is just like that time!
"Intense pain runs through my head when my words become magic."
Because my emotions affect you the strongest.
I'll take care of fate if something happens.
Ayumu, your appearance is really disgusting.
Yes?
Ayumu.
Attack!
So, my good friend!
Shall I make you a member of my harem? Please!
The old granny in room 305 is always talking to herself.
Shut up!
What are they doing...
Yes. Who are you?
Yes, I am.
Really? Are you sure?
Yes, I wanted her to buy Kyo-tofu in Kyoto.
I overspent and can't charge my card.
And she calls herself a genius.
I'm sorry, but Haruna is...
Didn't you say your grandfather lives in Kyoto? I wanted to ask for a little favor.
But Eu...
It's not like I want to go out with you!
What kind of dating sim is she from?gal game - dating sim. KEEP ON TROLLIN'
but could I ask you for something instead?
How many times will I have to kill you before you stay dead?
Kyoko, what are you...
That's a lie, isn't it?
Once I eliminate you, everything will be resolved!
What's going on? A normal human would have died immediately.
I was gathering souls so efficiently, too.
Isn't that what I've been saying?
I can move!
No, she's not a vampire ninja. I sense a different power...
Now it's one on one again.
Do I really have to?
Were you really that desperate to correct yourself?
You always look like a pervert in that outfit.
Yeah, you're a pervert!
Shall I grind your body to dust, or...
I don't like the sound of either of those!
Let go! Let go of me, you pervert!
Yeah.
I've been waiting for you, necromancer.
Amazing, amazing!
The one who's been attracting megalo,
Necromancer!
Did you know the human body has limiters?
No. The thing she truly fears...
Run, Eu!
Isn't it inconvenient to have only one life, Aikawa?
I've lost a lot of the lives I've gathered, today.
Yeah.
Eu must have been thinking this when she suffered the blow.
Are you stupid?
Loneliness is peaceful, but there'll be no one to share happiness with.
That's what they all thought.
For now, I guess.
Thank...
Don't make it complicated.
You're amazing.
I was worried one of my students would be killed.
I will take this girl home. It seems I'll have to re-educate her.
The serial murders have ended, but the seeds of unrest haven't disappeared.
Eating rice balls from the convenience store here is my moment of bliss.
What? I used ingredients from this world.
I'll eat it.
Fire ready!
I think I'll pass after all.
Spiral galaxies spin like this.
Oh, right. I want to touch on super string theory, too.
There aren't any steps.
Hidden in the forms of those weird animals...
Done. Haruna's guesses were spot-on.
Just where am I supposed to go?
Ayumu, I have a message from Madame Hellscythe.
Fragile?
Come on.
Me, too. Me, too.
Help me, anybody! Please, God!
The pork cutlet ramen is making the megalo disappear?
That hurts, Seraphim.
Don't mock me! I'm a high schooler too!
Why'd my first kiss have to be with a dude?
This is our secret base.
I love it.
Just eat it already.
Thanks.
It melts in your mouth.
Do you get it?
I can't answer any of your questions, though.
I'm coming, too.
That machine seemed like it'd be a nuisance.
No, it is not.
For vampire ninjas, a kiss only happens during a wedding ceremony.
The time and place do not matter.
Are you changing the subject?
I don't believe Mael considers you two married due to the circumstances.
However, a vampire ninja places the rules above her own emotions.
We're waiting on you.
Ayumu, that looks good on you.
Stop saying that without looking at me.
What do you wish for?
What did you write, Big Bro?
What?
There's barbequed meat in there.
Don't be such a whiner! I can't believe someone like you is my husband.
Why must you all be so inflexible?
Don't call me that!
How disgusting. What a miserable and indecent man you are.
Close your eyes.
So tired.
Hey, Kanami.
Yuki?
Aikawa? Yeah.
Cooking usually starts with making lunch for someone.
But Aikawa's lunches are rather delicious already.
Really?
Are you going to give up?
You should stop talking like a boy.
Ayumu, I made it for you, teehee.
Tomonori, let me have some.
Wait.
Aikawa, let's walk home together.
You can't expect me to accept that.
You're not going to tell me you're moving in with me, are you?
But...
How cute.
I'm embarrassed for the both of you!
Yeah, to thank you for helping me with my test.
Yeah, sure.
All right, a date!
Uh, nothing.
Tada!
These panties are cute.
This camisole isn't bad either.
We're finally alone, Yuki.
Darling...
Let's get something to eat, then.
It was your fault, too.
Haruna, keep an eye on our stuff.
Kiss me!
Do it! Come on!
I won't let you only kiss her!
I'll turn you into a wife, too!
Are you sure you should be getting so excited?
Why would you be ordered to kill Eu?
What do you want?
I'm surprised to find you here...
That's not fair. To vampire ninjas...
I see.
And it was just getting good, too.
If you don't listen to my wishes...
They're pretty good fried and boiled. I'm not kidding.
Hang on, Haruna!
of death.
That you're powerful.
Oh, how embarrassing.
That was nothing.
Body damaged. Limited release procedure.
Final chant confirmed.
Oh? He doesn't have it with him.
Deen ni dneirf rouy eb ll'I, ti pleh t'nac I ecnis.HI HERE'S SOME LOLBACKWARDS JAPANESE SHIKATANAI STUFF
Huh? Why is it here?
Thanks, Sera.
A ninja must always fight without hesitation. It is our code.
Aikawa...
There's no reason for you to be blown up too!
You're right. He does a good job despite his appearance.
Hey, I wasn't done talking to you.
You're covered in dust. I'll prepare the tub for you.
"It's all my fault."
Do you know about political correctness?
It's been a few months since Eu left.
Nothing. I haven't found any information on the necromancer.
I didn't find anything either.
I was attacked by a fellow conservative vampire ninja
It's incredibly delicious.
A what?
Or did she grow tired of you?
Don't tell me Eucliwood returned to the underworld.
What is this?
Maybe I'll kill those two now.
"Swallow Reversal" secret sword technique!
Ninja!
Why am I doing this?
I'm going to kill you to drag Eucliwood back from the underworld.
Don't be ridiculous! I'm going to see her alive!
We've found him. Requesting backup.
I would like to continue searching for Madame Hellscythe.
Where am I?
Eu.
We're enjoying a meal together.
How does it feel to have an immortal body?
Who cares?
If I let go of her, she'll run off somewhere again.
Eu!
We probably need to cut one of these cords.
Are you sure?
You did it, Haruna.
You really are a genius Magiclad Girl.
Hooray! Hooray! Hoo...
Why?
But you blew up.
bord0There's no time to be absent-minded
What cherishable despair, Eucliwood.
Aikawa, just stay there forever.
Is this the residence of Aikawa Ayumu?
Now it's your turn to cast a spell on him.
I can rest here forever.
Oh, I see. I should disappear.
Disappear.
What are you doing?
It's not my place to change her mind.
Come back, Ayumu. If you don't, we...
I always give it my all.
You'll need that.
It's him.
You were right. We both transformed.
Interesting. You exceed my expectations.
All she can do is live life to the fullest.
So please...
It's not just Eu. I have Haruna and Sera.
I can't take any more. Please.
Stay with me, Eu!
Is that selfish?
Welcome back, Eu.
I just traveled the world for free.
Good work, Haruna.
Awesome! We'll all be in swimsuits next week!
Swimsuits, swimsuits, swimsuits, ho!
Ho...
Sorry.
Shall I turn you into a zombie as well?
"Swimsuit."
You can't do it either.
Of course I can't! I'm the wrong gender!
"Yes, it keeps going."
It's fate.
"Nice to meetcha"?
You have the eyes of a sexual deviant.
Despite her delicate and cute appearance...
Sera-san.
She wholeheartedly denied it.
You are right. I live in the shadows...
I do not understand what you are saying.
Do you know what you are saying?
Who, me?
I told you, I am not!
Sera, you called my pursuits in the idol world a childish, farcical, selfish lie.
I will stop you.
It's an accident!
Idols reflect the age they live in.
I've become one with everyone!
That was a toupee?
You want to sing, too?
My headache is going away. Could it be?
That's not good.
You're hopeless.
My, my.
It was so exciting, I thought my head would burst.
I'm a zombie.
Wonderful! Wonderful!
Haruna was given later in spring
Start the Haruna Spring Festival!
Takoyakida!
Hothothot
Huh? Well then.
Want some, Aikawa?
I will defend your honor with these hands!
Yes
Damn I will make every effort to...
So you don't want the nyannyan voucher?
It is said to be the physical proof of mankind.
We are super erotic!
It had altered Orito's soul.
I heard that vampire-ninja recipes were passed down through generations.
Realy?
So you can't even do a simple task.
The genius here, what's up Ayumu?
Kyoko is busy.
That's great.
What did she say?
She, euh Haruna
I like elder mysterious brothers.
Go.
This is the view of our protagonist with a sister complex:
Please be careful.
cautious
Wait when did you do that?
Kanami
This year's card is the flag of death.
This year's winners will receive
You go first!
You are the expert Orito.
We can only continue to win.
I went back to my room.
These are strong, they break the fierce battle.
Everyone, work together ...
I seed the right ones!
Well, my friend discovered a new world...
A great advancement.
Indeed.
I always look forward to see Aikawa.
I fell in love with you, Aikawa
Make sure you take an umbrella if you go out.
I thought these cozy days would last forever.
but this world is full of secrets meant to be never disturbed.
Eu, I'm home.
I ended up napping until this evening.
No, if you hadn't brought me back to life...
Huh? What the hell are you talking about?
Mystletainn, full power!
Mystletainn Kick!
That's not a kick!
I can't agree with a single thing you've said.
Give me back my magic!
I really highly exceedingly extremely don't want to...
And a bed, too.
I'm not sure I get it...
It's me.
I've got my reasons.
You live by yourself.
Don't give up.
I will make you mine.
but I never imagined a more terrible fate would be waiting for me.
I don't like long stories.
but I have no use for a Magiclad Girl who has been drained of her magic.
I'm a genius.
That's right!
What? Why?
You stole my magic powers...
That's not a kick!
Is that you, Aikawa?
Stop! Stop!
Ruined!
Give me a break.
What are you talking about? There's no way fried eggs could be so...
Try something else next time.
Just wait a little. I'm putting it in.
This should be okay for a while.
You mean you don't know her?
Are you really trying to kill me?
However, you are not a living human.
I'll keep cutting you down until you're unable to continue.
Then let us begin!
Now you can't use your "Swallow Return" secret sword technique.
I'm a zombie.
Does this mean...
This is my home.
I have no choice.
Madame Hellscythe, allow me to remain at your side.
What? Could you at least call me Master, then?
Now I've created this awkward atmosphere.
My pure heart! It's love!
What do I look like to you?
Could it be?
My... my body... won't move...his body wasn't ready
I can't... breathe...
You're a death god?
I want seconds!
I do not expect anything to happen in a couple of days.
You killed it.
Shut up, you fucking worthless piece of shit.
Help me!
Eu, are you enjoying this?
My chopsticks!
He's a zombie. He'll be fine.
I haven't found the artifact yet.
Let's see, I think they called it...
I'm coming.
I am the watchdog of the underworld.
I exist to only allow entry and prevent anyone from leaving.
If I had known, I wouldn't have come here.
She is a special person.
That's the scene of the crime.
As of late many souls haven't been making it to the underworld after their death.
It was used as an offering.
I can't see his face...
Take care of Master Hellscythe...
You must not make her sad...
Yeah.
The only one here is a kind girl!
Sorry about it. You don't have to tell me twice.
The genius Magiclad Girl Haruna will take care of it!
but I believe in your strength.
So, my good friend!
N-Never heard of her.
I mean, you sure do look a lot like her.
You should listen when people are talking to you!
Part A
L-Like me? What do you mean?
Whether you want to or not, you draw everyone's attention.
Did not! I'm not that big a scaredy-cat!
I'm a hostage?!
The big fella who's always at her side is Seto.
Hey, you're being rude, Kano.
What did you think when you saw that?
Yes?
Oh yeah, you used to be the same way, right, Kido?
Will I be able to talk to my friends?
That depends on you.
I think your phone's a goner.
By locking eyes with someone, she can completely freeze them for a few minutes.
I'm glad that it seems to mesh so well with yours, Kisaragi.
I see a resemblance, all right. That's siblings for you!
Stop laughing at everything! You're starting to piss me off!
What's he even doing here? He never leaves home! Why today?!
Hey, Kano! Seto, go follow him.
A lost cause.
At this rate, we won't be able to save your brother and escape.
Who's this Ene, anyway?
I thought my heart was gonna stop.
The humans feared and shunned the monster.
I'll be gentle. Just relax.
It works like an anesthetic.
Is there anything you want me to tell her?
She insists that she can't find it, so I thought that we should just forget it.
I can see where Haruna gets this from.
She can remember anything if she tries, but she doesn't make the :effort: because she's not interested.
Ayumu! Ice cream! Give me ice cream!
I mean, you have a call. It's Instructor Dai.
This is Kyoko.
What did you want to ask me?
while concurrently hoping the sun would explode.
You'll be fine!
Then why are you following me?
Oh, the money for the tofu. How much was it?
You don't need to do that.
There is one thing I want.
You're a Magiclad Girl!
Immobilized by a single barrier.
It seems you have paid for your shameless intentions towards this innocent young girl.
I see. You seem to have your fair share of trouble.
This is your technique?
Let me show you mine!
Excuse me, I misspoke. You piece of shit.
If you knew killing would grant you immortality, wouldn't you do it?
I'm not a zombie, but I still have about ten more lives.
This time I'll turn your bones to ash!
What amazing protection.
bord0There's no time to be absent-minded
and is the most powerful source of magic in this world,
...isn't her armor or her magic.
You're as strong as I had hoped.
I've gained a lot of things I don't want to lose lately.
Are you all right?
What's wrong with her?
Gross.
Ayumu, you will do it if you consider yourself a servant of Madame Hellscythe.
blur1fo Regnibrah a...
What?
You bastard! Let go!
How can you be so careless?
Hot! Hot! I'm going to die!
Is this person supposed to be amazing?
We've run into quite a troublesome fellow.
Instructor Dai?
Haruna, I will go after him.
They're hopeless.
Fire ready!
bord0Bon'yari Shiteru Jikan wa Nai no
bord0Bon'yari Shiteru Jikan wa Nai no
bord0There's no time to be absent-minded
Spiral galaxies spin like this.
I have to show my work or I won't get any points.
It'll be a pain, but I guess I've got no choice.
...which is why I'm currently learning about the origins of the universe from this genius.
Do you get it now?
They don't call her a genius for nothing.
Thanks.
What's the name of this thing?
How are you supposed to know what to do if I just tell you its name?
It's fragile, so please be careful with it.
Looks like you're okay.
I guess I've got no choice.
Ayumu, behind you!
Don't touch me, you idiots!
That looks like pork cutlet ramen.
Don't approach me so casually.
That hurts, Seraphim.
Sera, that was too much.
I don't need your help!
Stop ignoring me!
Ooo... Let's sleep together!
I brought you here because you said you wanted to know the secret of our pork cutlet soup!
I don't understand the super string theory stuff either.
Do you want me to get someone who knows more about it?
Huh? Yeah.
Using that machine would harm the ecosystem.
For vampire ninjas, a kiss only happens during a wedding ceremony.
The time and place do not matter.
Tanabata, of course.
Wearing clothes covered in the blood of his victims, he carries a sack large enough to hold a person.
Ayumu, that looks good on you.
Since when did that rule exist?
What did you write, Big Bro?
Okay. If we're all done, we'll prepare for the ceremony in your room.
bord0Bon'yari Shiteru Jikan wa Nai no
There we...
a Magiclad Girl, and a disgusting, miserable indecent piece of shit.
Let go of me!
No, Eu.
So tired.
You're kidding.
Through his stomach, isn't it?
Cooking!
Shut up.
Cooking usually starts with making lunch for someone.
Really?
I can do it!
Boys are all about alluring discordance.
"Teehee"?
Tomonori.
Ayumu, I made it for you, teehee.
If someone hit me with a spark I'd burst into flames.peoplediewhentheyarekilled
All right.
Yeah.
Vampire ninjas are a secret...
Stop shouting.
I've got a proper name.
Hey, Tomonori.
Sounds like the two of you have a lot to deal with.
I told you we can't do that.
I'll do everything I can to like you...
Kids these days are so shameless.
What are you doing here?
You'll take me out?
What a young wife.
Tada!
These panties are cute.
Is this okay, Yuki?
What should we get?
Thank you very much.
I've always wanted to visit a beef bowl restaurant.
Can't I?
Why'd you kiss her?
I want those!
What were you thinking asking me out on a date and turning it into a group activity?
Why would you be ordered to kill Eu?
I thought you wanted to take her back to help your village.
Of course I do.
Then let's go!
What? But your face was completely crushed.
Why is it petting me?
What's wrong with this thing?
You're the one who summoned that thing.
harbinger...
Really? Oh, dear.
How do you like that?
We can't move this giant thing.
What was that?
You are the branching point of life.
First chant confirmed. Release procedure.
I shall walk the path of life, and you shall walk the path of death.
It's that thing from before.
Mysteltainn.
Do it now.
Thanks, Sera.
Release this frozen heart.
This must be the ultimate Magiclad weapon Kyoko was talking about.
Why is it...
Don't you recognize us?
Aikawa...
Madame Hellscythe.
Going out with everyone once in a while isn't bad.
"It's all my fault."
"I wish to stay with Ayumu and the others forever."
Why was my wish the only one that came true?
We're just getting started. We'll never never not!
Put your laundry away!
That's hot!
They're taking this too far.
Right.
By the way, how was your bath?
Surely you're at least heard of Stradivarius.
Stay back!
No!
Don't treat me like bait!
I'm glad you're keeping your spirits up.
If you die, she will come back to this world.
I don't have enough screen time, fool!
We've found him. Requesting backup.
Seraphim, I don't even wish to see your face.
Hello?
Really? Thanks, Tomonori.
Really?
Eu.
Eu!
Is this Antonio Spaghetti?
but don't you think an eternity is terribly boring?
You're in the middle of dinner?
Why don't you have some?
I see.
Damn it.
Eu.
Haruna, are you okay?
I can't get it off.
Don't be shy!
Stop it!
Which one?
You idiot!
Huh?
But you blew up.
I've been in this show since the first episode!
Found his left leg. How disgusting.
He's a zombie. He can't help it.
He's not reviving.
You're the one in the way!
He doesn't want to wake up.wish
I'm weak?
Did you call me from Virie because you want to know the answer?
Refrain Year Rising Class Number 634526379, Haruna.
It's all my fault. It's my fault Ayumu is...
It's quiet.
What do you think you're saying?
You're going to rest? That's laughable.
You won't go easy on me even in my dreams?
Yeah.
Then hurry up and kill me, Eucliwood.
I know. You violated our code.
When I became immortal, I was delighted I could do anything.
You can't even touch me.
You were right. We both transformed.
That mist is in our way. Can you do something about it?
Interesting. You exceed my expectations.
Do you know how she smiles when she's having fun?
I can't take any more. Please.
But, you'll be unhappy.
I will.
It hurts, Ayumu.
Sorry.
I just traveled the world for free.
Good work, Haruna.
I don't want to be seen by a disgusting piece of shit.wish
Shall I turn you into a zombie as well?
Don't give up without a fight!
You're the one worrying about it.
Amazing, isn't it?
Hello.
Here it comes!
Don't get left behind!
Is this a new vampire ninja plot?
Monstrous? What do you mean, monstrous?
Then I will tell you.
She wholeheartedly denied it.
That was quick.
What's this?
She's got just the body for an up-and-coming star!
What's wrong? Do you have stage fright?
Is this a dream? Is this an illusion?
So good.
Producer.
My live performance...
That was a toupee?
You mean I can take on her powers?
I'll hold your hand.
The road to becoming an idol is wrought with slaughter.
I shall grant your wish.
Most people live their lives without ever realizing it...
Dinner's ready.
Are sunny-side-up eggs okay?
I am Madame Hellscythe's servant.
You're not giving me all of it?
Speaking of that piece of shit...
I'm fine, I'm fine.
I don't handle the heat well.
What a shame no one would go with him.
I believe it is impossible to remove any more blocks.BLOCKS? MINECRAFT MINECRAFT MINECRAFT MINECRAFT
What?
Huh? Because he stole my magical power, of course.
What girl would like a mask like that?
You think so?
How do you know?
Because I'm hoping she does.
They're so radiant even I have trouble approaching them.
What? You just went.
Are you ignoring us?
I'm talking to you! Say something, Ayumu!
Masked Ayumu!
Damn it! I said Ayumu.
I don't even have a chance to make a joke.
Aikawa, do you know these girls?
It makes you less creepy.
You do know them!
Explain yourself!
they'd turn me into a sand bag.
If that's the worst they'd do, wouldn't it be worth it?
You're unbelievable.
Fight me, Aikawa!
It's for Kyoko's sake.
That's right.
Why do all the girls go for you?
If you do anything weird to her, I won't forgive you.
I know this is sudden, but did you see the person who attacked you?
I saw him.
and was probably about as young as me.
Do you know the killer?
Please tell me who it is!
Ayumu, your face is red. Do you have a fever?
I swear I've seen her somewhere else before.
The cutesy design and big, round eyes...
I can't believe you have an eye for such things!
The store was packed with girls.
It's his own fault for never coming home from work.
That reminds me...
It's me! Asahina Hiyori!
He's so dreamy.
I'm an idol!meh
My condolences.
I-I can't help it!
I just panicked 'cause you ran off on your own.
What is it? Have something to say?
Please let me go!
Enough!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I told him that they teach traditional Indian customs here.
It sure is hot.
What's with you?
Hiyori?
Nothing.
Don't worry about it.
You're the only one who can see me.
I think Ene or I...
I wasn't abducted by those terrorists, was I?!
Um, I'm no doctor, but I think you might have a stroke if you keep stressing out.
You little...
Ene, Shintaro. Are you two up...
I must say, you're quite the pervert.
Kisaragi, untie him.
You're still a major creep, though, Master.
I'm glad more and more interesting people are our joining our merry little gang.
Don't get us sidetracked, idiot.
Well, the new members were tense, so I was trying to lighten the mood...
You and Ene are now members of our group.
Well, we've already told you about our organization.
You also know about our powers.
Seriously, those two don't have a suspicious bone in their
Th-Those two aren't working with them to try to snap me out of my current lifestyle, are they?
I don't know a thing about her.
As for Marry, Seto brought her in fairly recently.
He brought her in one day and was all like,
O-Okay.
One more thing, Commander...
My first!
Why is it one crappy situation after another with me?
Am I cursed or something?
Oh come on, throw me a bone here!
They're being kidnapped!
I won't let you take them.
C'mon, relax!
Ah, we're here. This is the place.
After several summers had passed and the boy had grown into a young man,
"Will you live with me?"
Wh-Wh-What?
What do you expect me and Haruka to do all by ourselves?!
Hey now, aren't you forgetting about a certain scientific genius?
Sure, we may have youth, but what about money?
Huh? Oh my, when did this get here?
It doesn't hurt to try, right?
Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt.
Do you have any idea how long that would take?
a whole lot of practice.
Those were the eyes of someone who's looked death in the eye many times.
B-Beats me! Maybe an emergency came up?
And I think Mr. Tateyama was even more surprised.
Why the hell is he teaching here if he's so skilled?
Excuse me! Is it okay to come in right now?
You cheated, didn't you?
Sh-Shut up!
She must have been. I mean, look.
Seriously, do you have a hollow leg or something?
P-Please excuse me!
Why would I be?
On the contrary, now I'm itching to try this game you love so much.
You must fight against strong guys like that all the time.
Fine, but what about if you lose?
He can be really rude sometimes.
It's fine, don't worry.
I guess.
Sure. Feel free to drop by here whenever.
I will.
They said I could eat their leftover food!
Wanna join me, Takane?
Calm down... Please calm down...
I don't get this at all!
He'll freak out if he wakes up to you crying.
I had no idea his health was so bad.
What am I gonna do? I bet he hates me now.
Is Haruka's stuff still in the classroom?
I'm the worst.
It's my first year, and I'm already treading on thin ice.
It doesn't even have to be first place. Just enough to let me live comfortably.
Anyway, I should get going.
But you'll probably be fine.
I still need to get his things.
To be honest, my memories prior to having this body are pretty fuzzy.
That story is kind of painful...
W-Wait, what the heck? You were my brother's upperclassman?
Well, I was curious to see what would happen if I called him "Master".
I totally didn't recognize you at all!
Yeah, it was a bit of a shock to suddenly find myself in this body.
but I don't need to worry about that anymore.
My brother has friends?!
No way!
Commander, would it be okay if I went to see how he's doing?
All right.
She said "I have to become stronger," and she's starting to act tough.
Oh, that reminds me. What did you think of our new members?
It's rude to eavesdrop, even on people talking to themselves, Ene.
I don't mind. So, what's up?
so he doesn't know that I'm really Takane.
One other person died, remember?
A strong body?
Day after day, she had her beloved call out her name.
Day after day, she wrote word after word in it.
Slowly, the serpent said to her,
Only you can make it out. Now hurry up and go.
I know that you'll find people who will watch over you...
Dammit, I just can't explain it!
You're that old idol lady who
You were in an accident, and an ambulance brought you here.
You should go back to your room and rest up.
I wasn't in a damn accident.
What did you see at that moment?
Vanished?
From the way you're talking, it sounds like you believe me.
Yeah, I believe you. So tell me...
Are you sure it was okay for us to bring him here?
We more or less kidnapped him.
D-Don't come up with doomsday scenarios, okay?
all of us meeting each other and coming together like this can't be just a coincidence.
C'mon, now.
No luck. Looks like his phone is off.
Kano, Seto, and I grew up in the same orphanage, so we go back a long way.
I suppose he mainly did it so he could keep an eye on troublemakers like us.
All of us developed our powers after being swallowed by that void.
Ideally, you make it out,
She used to be human?
At the moment, no.
Y-You shouldn't push yourself too hard!
Anybody home? Hey!
you will be able to spend all eternity with your family,"
Kosuke! What's wrong?!
D-Dad?
Hurry up!
Is this some sort of journal?
Hey, what are you doing in my room?
Y-Yeah?
I don't have a boyfriend.
Thanks for always helping out.
Don't mention it.
Mom...
So you can rest in peace.
Those people back there were really mad!
I said I didn't want it, but they insisted.
I was gonna give it to my sister,
I'm sorry, I'm supposed to meet up with my brother and sister.
Sure. See you later.
Oh, it's you, Shuya.
I have to say, I was quite shocked.
It's not important.
All the snakes are trying to gather around the queen snake.
Now, next question!
After that, we will be together forever."
And now, his battles begin anew!
We're free!
Are you all right?
How disgusting.
What of it?
noteI'm a necromancer.
I'm the foremost expert in the field of fried egg cuisine!number one researcher in the field of fried eggs
That's inspiring.
The girl from yesterday!
Ah?
It's a matter of appearances!
No need to finish that sentence, no need.
Say something like, "Oh no! I've fallen!"
Must've been a fairy.
It's all right, Haruna.
It kinda does look like him.
I just wanted you to listen to me.
Don't remind me!
Yeah, I'm back! What of it?
Don't look, you perv!
What was that?
Stop! You mustn't become any cuter!
Hurry up! Erase their memories!
Stop! For the love of... Just stop!jesus christ on a pogo stick, etc
So what did you all think of Big Bro today?
My credits are at risk here!
Orito?
Okay! Come again any time!
The guy who keeps muttering nonsense!
What I really want right now is to go somewhere quiet, with no people around.
Yeah.
Don't worry about stuff like that!
Why don't you just go home?!
I thought I'd show it to Aikawa as well...
I said, I can't see!
I came here because I wanted to have fun with you!
I-Isn't it beautiful?
Yeah. It makes me feel stronger.
It's time I left behind the weak person I was until yesterday.
and welcome the new me of today.
Not really. Everyone here is just weird.
How long can this go on?
We live in different worlds.
Aikawa...
My beloved darling.
People of the world!
Be a good girl, and I won't do anything mean to you.
Is it his looks? His personality?
What?
That thing's so beat up it looks ancient.as in, it's so battered it looks ancient
Wait! No!
But before that, gimme more food!
Tickle tickle tickle!hoore hore hore
I'm home!
Look how this big boy can pee-pee alone now. sou sou shikko wa jouzu to iute na
Since when are we teaching a kid how to use the potty?! dare ga omoreyakko sodate ka
Heh. It's not like I have a choice.
Orito?
Aikawa. Could I ask you to give me some more time?
Orito is fighting with himself to be able to accept the new Aikawa Ayumu.
I'll show you that I can accept the new Aikawa Ayumu!
But say I feel like drinking liquor afterward.
Courage?
Quick!
That was amazing, Aikawa!
It may be impossible, but if she can't keep her promise, then I have no choice but to enforce the law.She probably means that the vampire ninjas have some sort of law against breaking promises
Yeah...
It's no good for any of us if Tomonori has to go back to her village.
Ya doing good?
I've returned from the deepest reaches of Hell.
Yes, from the Hell that is the uncertainty ofcaused by puberty.
Come to the front if you want to die!
Let's go, Yukinori!
Can't breathe...
It's been so long since the last time we were all together.
And I haven't even painted it yet!the basic assembly, without painting or fine fixes
Now aren't you having fun?
Sera?!
Your knowledge is but a mere faade.
but I'm still surprised.
Costumes?
No.
Huh? Anderson?
So this is why you weren't always at home...
Hey.
You want water?
Go home, Master!
All right, let's go.
The only way we can rehabilitate you is if there's a big risk like this involved.
Go home, Master!
Let's begin this hellish party!
Hurry up and make your order already, right now, okay?!she's nervous and says extra things in the .jp too
You're really bad at doing this on purpose, aren't you?
I think you'd be better off not forcing yourself, Tomonori.
Your real terror begins now, you piece of shit with no hope of victory.
is the biggest humiliation of my life.
Please be silent, you piece of trash.lit. shit insect
Please.
Big Bro, does this dress look good on me?
You look great, Eu!
Is he?
No, you see...
Leave this to me!
Haruna was very insistent about it.
Lovey-dovey!
As her peaceful days draw to a close,
That tickles!
Those whose sizes have changed should reflect on themselves!
Eu I hate the white bits on the outside.
Really? Yeah, the pith makes it taste a little bitter, doesn't it?split this line
Meditation mode!
Just wait a bit.
Fever?
Okay.
It's ready!
I'm tired as well!
Anderson?!
everyone wants their friends and family close by when things get tough.
You're right.
EuIs it okay if I sleep with you?
Sorry!
It can't be...
Poisonous?
I can't let Eu take part in something like this.
No, from what I remember she needs to put kelp on her head and get punched in the belly while doing a Y-balance!
Wasn't putting CDs under your armpits and eating spinach supposed to be an antidote?
That's it! I can't remember anything else!
Putting that aside, isn't it great that she recovered?
It's all thanks to me!
Sorry, Haruna.
Welcome back.
Dessicated geezer.
my life's gone straight to Hell!
I'll be back!
Mystletainn's coming back soon!
Seriously?!
How are we going to pretend to be SWAT officers?
From paintballs to a real Kalashnikov!
Wow, that's amazing!
Nice idea!
Let's do it!
Nothing'll get done without me!
Big Bro, please let Haruna do what she wants.
Are you okay?
Haruna, could you keep it down a bit?
Wh-What the hell're you doing?!
outweighs even the feeling of being defeated by your enemy.
Of course! I'd be happy for you to help me.
Thanks!
How about if we put this here?
Finally, it's done.
It looks pretty nice, huh?
Um, Aikawa... You've changed.
This is what they call youth!
I'm home...
Look upon me, and burn this image into your mind!i'd rather not tbh
Congratulations on your revival!
Everyone!
Well, let's be on our way to the festival!
Come on, hurry up!
To my stall!
This is cute!bg
Who the hell would buy something like this?!
Please disappear, you mobile sales disruptor.
That's why I wanted you to come along.
My feelings for you won't change, even if someone else confesses to me.
Huh?
Okay, finished!
Hey, Necromancer!
This is merely my sad fate.
To actually receive something like this from you... It's like... It's like...
What's yer cup size?
You folks take it easy! I just wanna know yer cup size!
Ask me too!
It's been a while since one's appeared here.
and why Eu's able to speak all of a sudden.
Haruna just answered that question.
Haruna used her mana absorption device to drain some of my mana.
Oh, right.
The first day of the cultural festival was a great success!
Haruna Hurry up and get fantasizing already!
Which flavor do you want?
Haruna Necromancer, you're such a bully.
There's no doubt that they're here.
What's wrong with this?
That hot "toilet ghost" look... That's you all over, Sera!
Take your filthy eyes off me,
I told you, that ring's...
Good for you.
School is no place for such horseplay.
Oh, this...
I'm happy with my life now, so I guess you're no longer...
I won't let self-doubt hold me back again.
I'm keeping the numbers even, of course.
What's wrong with you two?!
They collapsed from that itty-bitty fluctuation of mana?
That's Haruna's mana absorption device!
Chris?
What a terrible curse.
That was me!
I just can't stop drinkin'!
I can't move!
Too bad.
I'd forget people's names...
And my hip was always aching...
I'm really a girl inside,
Impossible.
Yeah! My heart might bend, but it'll never break!
Oh, I forgot to say! Strong feelings of arousal also cause the chairs to launch.
I don't wanna!
Haruna...
Chris, give back Haruna's mana!
I'll make you regret setting me loose!
Is that true, Ayumoron?!
You were drinking while underage?
So she's the "strongest monster" that the elders were so fearful of...
Did you say, "Chris"?
The strongest Magiclad Girl, Chris.
It'd be wise not to make any rash moves.
Really?
Then, tell me right away!
What was the government of Virie thinking?
I've been ever so bored.
I have to settle things between Kyouko and I.
I only just warned him, and yet he's already...
What are you scheming?
He's so cute when he cringes like that!
Makes me shiver...
Let's have fun... to the max!
I really do hate you, Aikawa Ayumu.
Saras!
Such foolishness.
See-through! Nipples!
I asked Aikawa if I could come to his party today.
It really is embarrassing seeing it on someone else.
Shouldn't that be obvious?
Oh.
If you react like that, it just makes me even more nervous.
It's just a game, after all.
So, it's you.
Head Instructor!
That's the Head Instruct
Sure, let's go with that.
Didn't I say I had a reason for being here?I said so didn't I. I have a reason
I'm no good at hosting parties.
Now, let's have some fun!
What the hell?!
Who's the King?
There's also someone in your world who could stand up to Chris.
To regain Haruna's stolen powers,
So,
Yeah.
Eu She was known as the S-class Megalo.
Was she that powerful?
That sounds pretty incredible.
So beautiful you could not describe it fully, even with a million words.
to protect this world.
Then, how can we meet her?
My God! Are you serious?!
Eh?
Prepared?
My self-produced concert debuts this Sunday.
Oh, I'll pay you for the ticket.
What? If you drink it like this, it'll be a indirect kiss...
my darling.
makes me happy.
Sure, let's do that.
I draw those as a hobby!
Anyway, I just helped you out there,
Hello?
This is the girl who floats like a butterfly and thinks like a bee! What's up?
Haruna? Good timing!
Did you get some food?
That's a relief.
Nobody saw us.
What are you on about?
Yes, of course.
All right.
Before I knew it, she'd come back crying about how
Oh!
Eu You're exactly the same as back then, too.
and Eucliwood had regained her voice,
Devil's Cream Stew.
Thank you!
D'you think it's okay for us to just kick back and eat here?
Chris, you shouldn't let your guard down, okay?
It's hot, so you be careful, all right?
Weak!
Climax!
Stop! I can't breathe!
Please welcome Ms. Rie.
My name is Rie. It's a pleasure to meet you all.
A neverending battle stretches before me, Aikawa Ayumu!
Eu...
Finally, we'll get to find out how Haruna makes her fried eggs!
Will it be okay like that?
Ms. Haruna!
You're a natural at alchemy, Haruna!
Don't worry, it only dissolves clothes.
That's a perverted slime all right!
I'm a zombie!
Get outta here, you freak!
I only became a teacher because I wanted to help you!
My, my.
How can you talk that way about Ayumoron?!
Head Instructor!
Ayumoron!
A small piece of Ayumu's lost memory.
Goal!
Wow, I was a real try-hard, wasn't I?
Ass?
I see you're as knowledgeable as ever, Eucliwood.
Stop it!
Of course. That's just like Ayumu.
Does seeing yourself make you realize how sad you are?
I'm here to get Ayumu's memories back!
Regnibrah!
They sucked!
Of course. That's just like Ayumu.
Stop! Don't say another word!
Belphegor, the demon of sloth.
Do you understand how much worry you've caused me?
I'll be Aikawa Ayumu!
In other words, another possible Ayumu.
That's a bit long, so I'll just call you "Dark Ayumu".
Haruna and the others failed, didn't they?
Oh, since you saw my panties, I'll have to kill you later, okay?
Isn't that Aikawa?
Everything's such a pain.
Yeah.
It's a good thing the rest of you can live out your lives in ignorance.
Who? Who? Who? Who?
Don't cry, necromancer!
Sorry. I guess I got a bit carried away.
He sure is one of the chosen few.
but that doesn't make it any less of a pain.
And that was the last episode!
You're the one who attacked my village!
Die, die!
Who's there?!
Since we're all in the same boat, let's be friends.
People call me "the sorrowful poet"...
But alas, our village Jinn was taken by the Humans...
Tuttle! You, too...?
Oh God, how cheesy!
That Password...
Bud! Whatcha eating?
Wh- What the?!
Wait for me!
I- Idiot, gerroffa me!
What?!
Far, far south.
It could be that we Humans are fated to die out.
They're weapons.
And the Sky Totem of the Bird Clan...
Awesome...
Beasts! Somebody!
It is Dr. Password.
Damn, it's cold up here!
You're going to pay!
Old man! Hang on!
Jinn!
Gaia...
I screw up my courage... Yuuki o Furishibotte
A slap in the face. Hirateuchi
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
The mental manipulation imposed on her cannot be broken.
It happened again. Why...?
Love will hit you like a bolt from the blue! Koi wa Sora kara Neraiuchi
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
Hello, rock 'n' roll bomber! Hello Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
Episode 6: A THREE-WAY STRUGGLE?! GO AFTER YUNI!
As this rate, we'll be frozen.
Now my long battle with seasickness will finally come to an end...
There is a manmade structure up ahead!
What?
Full speed ahead! Prepare to board!
What?!
Say what?!
I'll turn you into BBQ chicken!
Leggo! Ow, ow!
That insignificant flea! How dare you eat V-Sion...
That hurt, you bastard!
Don't move!
Lowly Beast?
Ridiculous...
Crap!
How do you know?
Eyes?
Is your head fake?
Wan, the crystal ball!
Ahead?
Gaia's core?
Then all of Earth will be ruled under us Humans.
Fools...
How are you?
No, I guess happiness is not possible for the Humans...
...and accept that as bliss...
...that'll set your heart on fire! Kimi no Heart o Yakitsukusu
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
It's a blazin' rock 'n' roll bomber... Yatsu wa Hono-o no Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
Stop it, Uranus.
What are you talking about?!
It is all too late, Gaia. Die!
What a mess we're in.
The northern hemisphere by Gaia...
Compewter?
...was spiritual stabilization through harmony with Nature.
Finally, we're out.
The fresh air of freedom tastes so good!
What's going on?!
Yeah...
A huge earthquake! The destruction of Earth!
Yuni, are you awake?
Uranus.
Of course.
Fly, God Totem!
But I can destroy us both!
But, destroyed...?
I can't! I can't do it! I can't let Yuni die.
For Earth's future.
Oh, oops!
Yeah... I bet he would've slept until nightfall...
Yeah. Let's!
What was the treasure, after all?
Wan, look around you... It's the great bounty of Nature!
Cut the cheese, idiot!
You idiot!
It's a blazin' rock 'n' roll bomber... Yatsu wa Hono-o no Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
Hello, rock 'n' roll bomber! Hello Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
...but I still can't be your lover. Itsumade Tatte mo Kimi no
You're waiting for my signal. Boku no Sasoi o Kimi wa Matteru
That's your choice. Sore wa Kimi no Jiyuu
You damn humans!
People from the future also checked him out
You should be thankful we still need to use you.
I am the strongest Mage Knight in all of Uranus! Lord V-Darn.
You ungrateful Beast can just die!
Do it, do it! Kill him for me!
Hey, V-Darn!
I heard someone calling me...
You understand?
Oh, no to anger. Don't get mad.
Don't ignore me!
Wan...
Hey, you know this girl?
Beautiful lady, please don't be downhearted.
My lady, for your sake I would gladly die.
We members of the Bird Clan always carry emergency rations.
Looks tasty!
Schwartz!
...Schwartz?
Well, I haven't...
These three Jinns aren't just weapons like other Jinns.
Hey, hey, does that treasure taste good?!
I dunno.
That's funny.
V-Sion, let's go!
Traitors get put to death!
Yahoo!
Become a strong young lady and surprise me
Hurry with the launch preparations!
Without Gaea, we Humans have no future.
Launch the ship!
I like you.
Welcome back!
Awesome!
I don't freaking eat worms!
For me, worms are kinda-
Elder, are there any places you've seen this symbol before?
There are? Where?
I remember hearing stories that these symbols lead the way to a great power.
We knew that much already, but it gives us reason to hurry. Let's head to that village tomorrow!
The Humans...
You just watch, when we five get Gaea we'll have that delicious- err, I mean we'll beat the Humans to a pulp!
Jeez, why did it have to be a Dog village?
I'm going back to bed.
Look, our prayers have been heard. Our Jinn has come alive to join us in battling the Humans!
God damn it, you cowards! If you were going to run, you should have done so from the start!
Think I'll lose to you?!
What?!
I'm saved!
Sea King will finish it off!
Awesome!
Damn it, I'll be back!
Right, Mei-Mer?
Wan Dabadabadatta Wan Dabadabadadadatta
KO Century
Neither cool, nor smart, and a cheater to boot
But is that really something to be sad about?
Look, there's a shooting star on your cheek
Become a strong young lady and surprise me
T-that's...
If you don't want to die, then hurry!
We've arrived, V-Darn.
Oh really? Alright, you damn Beasts, I'm going to pay you back in full today.
Y-yeah!
It's no good, it's too hard.
Yunie!
This is...
After all that, I doubt the Beasts are even still alive.
Then I'll deal with you first!
Sea King only follows my orders.
Go on and bite it!
Alright, I'll take it from here!
That's odd...
But it did do the movements...
I don't really get it...
Don't even think it's over yet!
Dumbstruck, lovestruck, a miraculous love arriving laden with flowers
It'll tell you what's ahead, paradise or an inferno
If the earth splits in two I'll be okay, love is Maketerarenation!
Sea King!
C'mon baby, let's get heated up
It's hopeless! I'll die if I don't eat!
Wan, we're going now.
Anyway, this is the start of the mission.
You've got some nerve! You got something to say to me?!
We must attack right away!
I'll do things my own way.
What a colossal house! What kind of guy would live here?
What a big Beast!
Eeeeh?
Show me these Jinns.
Kids with no money need to get out of my sight!
You ate just as much as me!
Oh, really?
Chop!
Sweet gemstones! All for me!
Leggo of me!
Against them, Humans are just trash!
Take this!
Oh? And who exactly was it who attacked us when we were unarmed?
W-what's that?!
Are you alright, V-Darn?
Looks like you'll be dying after all!
Jinns...
Yunie...
Okay! In that case, let's combine!
Even with their power-up, they're nothing special.
Mei-Mer!
Hot... She has a huge fever!
I guess it's best to ask Mermaids about Mermaid illnesses after all.
Just by sniffing?
You guys are terrible!
Now then, Wan which of these is Mei-Mer's place?
W-w-who the heck are you? Humans?!
They look pretty scared though.
What're you pretending to be sick for? Rise and Shine!
M-Mother...
It's a rare fruit that grows on Nyab Island, not far from here...
So if we go straight down this path we'll get to Nyab right Mekka?
Adrift at sea...
This must be Nyab Island?
Wan! Run away!
That was a shock...
Aaaaand pose!
Don't be stupid! I can't let you past here!
Who was the one who did the suffering? Eeeeeeh?!
Don't eat it!
I hate little kids!
Mekkan!
What?!
Oh, beautiful!
Damnit!
Oh, Mei-Mer, these fruits are hard.
Wisdom tooth fever?
Well Wan, Bud, this was all thanks to you.
Yunie!!
But in all that time, I haven't become your lover
Yunieeeee!!
Go on try it! Squawk squawk!
What?
Wan! I'm over here!
What a twist of fate!
On one side those damned Beasts.
I should introduce myself. I am C. Ciegal.
Hey you, C. Ciegal! Give Yunie back to us!
Hey, let go of meeeeee!
There!
Ah! I ran out of energy!
G'morning Teba!
Here, up we gooo!
We never should have rescued you!
That unbelievable bitch!
However...
Yunie, she's over there!
This time we'll put an end to this.
Here I go!
She's not a bad person, you mustn't fight her!
I am...!
What the? Gaea?!
No matter where you go, there's no escape
C'mon baby, let's get heated up
It's been half a year since we've started going out every weekend
How could you let them escape with the three Jinns, our only clues to Gaia?!
Without Gaia, there is no future for the Humans. Or have you forgotten?!
We will find Gaia even if it costs us our lives...
It'll hit you like a bolt from the blue! Kimi o Sora kara Neraiuchi
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
Phew, I think I can restrain myself.
Our Jinn!
They're the retainers who helped the hero Bud.
The servants of the hero Bud are our friends. Alrighty...
Cheers!
Mr. Birdie! Mr. Birdie! Dinner, dinner!
What?! You intend to get to the great power?
Courageous boys and girls, you just may be able to get that power.
Aren't I?
That must be it! Treasure, here we come!
Jeez, why did it have to be a Dog Clan village of all things?
There it is!
It can't be helped...
What is it?
Yuni, what was that for?
Let's go back to sleep.
H- How dare you forget my name...!
Go back to your flying castle!
Shut up, lowly Beast!
Don't mind. Don't mind. It has nothing to do with me now.
In that case!
C'mon, kill them already!
You, little...! Finally!
Don't ask me!
Damned Ciegal, betraying us at the most vital moment!
Cease this at once Uranus.
Looks like he's gone.
What? I don't know what's going on here.
I don't understand.
For now, let's just take a break here.
Yeah, Yunie too.
The two computers turned against each other, and humans divided themselves as well, and war broke out.
Hold it right there!
Why you... You won't escape Gaea!
S'ok, they said they'd be over there.
Gaea, I'm going to settle our ten thousand year old feud!
Yunie!
Is that right? Such a weak thing will be of no use against my new form.
If that's how you're gonna be let's kick some ass!
All of my functions have ceased by my own will.
There's no choice.
There's no way we could do that!
That's ancient history-
I want to follow in the footsteps of my grandfather, and Gaea before him.
C'mon baby, let's get heated up
C'mon, Baby, let's feel the heat! Saa Baby Atsuku Moeruze
...diving down fast, in a red beret! Akai Beret ni Kyuukouka
...been going out every weekend... Hantoshi ni Naru kedo
...and gamble on impossible odds. Kanawanu Kake ni Deru
Close your eyes oh no. Me o Tojiru Oh No
Gaia will surely show itself once it awakens.
Hello, rock 'n' roll bomber! Hello Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
With the devil's radar turned on full! Akuma no Radar Full Kaiten
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
Now we don't have to figure out how to get in!
I don't know about this.
I'm fine! I have cat eyes!
Wait!
Bud, you saved us.
I go!
It's a dead end.
Looks like we've gotten ourselves in a mess.
My instincts take over...
Where are we...?
Everyone...
Go! Sea Totem!
Those three Jinns were originally created to protect Gaia and Yuni...
Huh? That's weird...
We did it! Spectacular!
I will soon... cease functioning...
Kill anyone who gets in the way!
Kill them all!
Absolutely!
Don't you dare think this is the end!
Love will hit you like a bolt from the blue! Koi wa Sora kara Neraiuchi
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
...been going out every weekend... Hantoshi ni Naru kedo
Blame your fate on getting trapped here in the first place.
Everyone, don't!
Tuttle!
No-o-o, stop!
Suck it up and get eaten!
It's a blazing rock 'n' roll bomber... Yatsu wa Hono-o no Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
Hello, rock 'n' roll bomber! Hello Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
With the devil's radar turned on full! Akuma no Radar Full Kaiten
Episode 4: POWERED-UP SURVIVAL WARS!
Seconds, please!
All right, let's go straight to that Don's place!
Then you better pay with pain!
Czar Master, I have a report.
Aw, Master, wait!
I will not be ordered around.
Everyone's making a fool out of me, the greatest mage knight in Uranus!
Wasn't someone there just now?
Something's fishy. I thought I saw something.
What? I don't get it.
We spent the last of it at that restaurant.
You ate all of it, too!
Wan, what are you doing?!
Pearls... Real pearls!
V-Darn!
Dammit, they came knowing that the Jinns are useless!
Die!
Hey, don't come this way!
Mister!
I see. See, you are going to die.
Hey, wait for me!
Oops, we got found out.
That's your choice. Sore wa Kimi no Jiyuu
...diving down fast, in a red beret! Akai Beret ni Kyuukouka
You're waiting for my signal. Boku no Sasoi o Kimi wa Matteru
I'll kiss her not. Kiss wa Shinai
It'll hit you like a bolt from the blue! Kimi o Sora kara Neraiuchi
...diving down fast, in a red beret! Akai Beret ni Kyuukouka
Then do it. Take her place, right now!
But, wait a minute.
That way!
You're not gonna believe in me, huh?
Wh- Who did that?!
Now's not the time for hellos, Mrs. Mer! Mei-Mer is...
Mei-Mer...
Mei-Mer, are you all right?
Wan...
"To Nyarb Island" So we can get to Nyarb Island if we take this path, Tuttle?
Wan, Bud... Be careful.
Morning sickness?
She ran off with a bucket, Master.
Oh! Tuttle! Tuttle!
Yuni!
A Beast Jinn. No matter!
Say, Wan.
All right, you go search for the girl.
Wow, a harvest! It was worth all the trouble!
But this is like a rock.
Wan!
Welcome!
Tuttle!
I feel so sick...
MEI-MER!!!
Wan, I want you to hear this before... before I go...
Oh, the Sweet-sweet fruit!
Ow! What is this?! My wisdom tooth fell out.
It shows that you're an adult now, Mei-Mer.
Love missiles, 3-2-1-0! Koi no Missile 3-2-1-0
It'll hit you like a bolt from the blue! Kimi o Sora kara Neraiuchi
It's a blazin' rock 'n' roll bomber... Yatsu wa Hono-o no Rock 'n' Roll Bomber
Call my name, 'cause only you can light the flame
Oh! Please, come inside.
You live here alone, sir?
What do you mean?
No, I hear it, too. Yeah.
It's definitely an Azuki Arai. If you can hear the sound...
S-Stop calling me a pervert!
There is an Azuki Arai here.
Yasuke was hopeless at doing this job...
Yasuke counted the azuki beans perfectly.
Some fate brought you here to discuss those events of long ago.
we have a fine monk like Master Enkai here to protect us.
Rain's not letting up, either.
Begone! Begone, I say!
Who is it?! Who's playing a prank on me? Open up!
If he hadn't said he was leaving it to Yasuke...
Yasuke!
Which is right and which is wrong, we cannot say.
Poor guy. Maybe we overdid things a little.
Ogin! What about you? You PUPPETEER!
Do you understand, Mr. Pervert Author?
Just who were they?
Gently sleep.
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
...to just be near 'Cause only you can light the flame
Stay away from us for your safety.
Writer's block, huh?
I've been thinking I want to write...
Right, right. "The 100 Stories."
Such a lovely day for it, too!
That's too many to be a coincidence.
but his relatives forced him into this...
Iosing the lion's share of the profits.
was to put someone else in charge.
One of the employees must have been playing a trick on you.
I was intending to ensnare the spirit of this willow tree.
but I can't tell what's happening inside.
Lady...Yae?
I won't let you take away what is important to him!
All the others... This is how you killed them!
You!
But your sins never fade away.
It was the Willow Woman. The Willow Woman.
Master! Master!
KYOGOKUTEl
And I'm faced with another day
You know people in the next world, too?
We've been most fortunate...
The boat was wrecked and I heard nobody survived.
One night, around 20 years ago...
It's said that if you give them the ladle, they'll use it to...
Anyway...
who threaten the livelihood of this land's citizens!
That's...
Then let me join you--
No!
Oh, no! If we don't do something...
Stop it!
Shoson bosatsu umaka satsu.
However, we aren't pirates!
There was another castaway 20 years ago.
And because of him, we were...
Flame lance?
You can take this path to the other side of the island.
Use the boat there to go back.
I'm not leaving.
It's Taromaru, isn't it?
And for that, the flame lance is most suitable.
innocent of any wrongdoing and let you go free.
You're not planning to attack this domain's lord, are you?
What do you intend to do?
We're abandoning the Kawakubo Clan!
Find us here as we feel the moment of love
One man haunts seven others to death.
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
Is this clear?! The kidnappers which infest this castle town...
If we can see the ocean...
Once you do that, it's up to your luck if you survive.
Dear! The guest on the second floor! I'm sure he's gonna hang himself!
Tell him he's free to kill himself, but to do it somewhere else!
Each one kills seven, then seven times seven more will die.
The year it started, seven people suddenly vanished from the castle town.
Assuming for argument's sake that this is all a plot...
to take over the fief, it's all ended up the same.
Man, that's the first time I've ever been in such danger!
They come out with seven serialized books a year...
Ukon!
We'll have to go through a choke point.
Lady Kaede, the wife of our previous lord...
We only just arrived here in the castle town.
What?!
But if we don't save Ukon, he'll be...
Mr. Author...
Ogin.
Draw near
Ever illusive peace of mind
to spread rumors in the castle town.
What was that?!
By the Lady of the Point.
Look well at these devils.
Because they want to stay alive, they torture, rape, and kill.
Ukon! You're all right!
It wasn't...
Ogin... I've felt nothing but fear.
When I saw those pictures and thought the same thing they did.
No matter what happens, you're still human.
Rain? Rain, you say?
If you wish to avoid disaster...
The day of the curse?
All this... the result of one exorcist's machinations?
Kaburagi, you seem to have misunderstood something.
That foreign beast Master Junai asked for.
Sis!
Mataichi!
Mainly because the one who set this all in motion isn't actually human!
The world as it is now is an illusion.
What?! What have you...
but the real death spirits here may have been us all along.
Mataichi...
Then I just need to recite the charm...
A cliff?
I don't know who you are, but...
This is not a place for someone like you.
Excuse me, sir.
A sign?
Please, don't worry about it.
By the way, my name is Tokuemon.
That sound...?
Per-ve-rt.
Th-This sound, it's...!
Th-The pervert part was uncalled for!
Back when this shop was still prosperous, an apprentice called Yasuke came.
This pleased the lord and the story came to be known throughout the whole country,
I, who was greatly pleased by all this, said that I would turn over my fortune to him.
After that incident, on rainy days like this, people heard a strange sound.
That must have been very hard.
He was a very serious person.
He was killed even though he had done nothing wrong.
Go awayl Go awayl
I'm not!!!
Please, open the door!
I worked honestly.
That is truly a crime!
Who, me?
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
This is an ancint lullaby whose origins are unknown and whose exact original meaning has been lost
one of the finest candle shops in Edo, to the head clerk and then left the business!
Oh, excuse me, great sensei!
"Can't get inspiration..."? Heh.
A book of 100 stories?
That's right.
died mysterious deaths under the yanagi!
It was said to be the doing of a Yanagi Onna, wasn't it?
It's the spirit of a large yanagi in the inn's inner gardens; it is the inn's namesake.
Apparently, the shop has been protected by a Yanagi Onna for generations,
What did you say?!
I wonder if I should look for a new writer...
Allow me to clear your table...
Hey, you! You're a fuda-selling monk, aren't you?
Right.
If that happens, then his relatives won't be able to live off of him anymore!
"Congratulations"?
Momosuke-san from Ikomaya is here to see you, sir.
Congratulations on your wedding!
I'm sorry!
It had to have been, yes.
I'm embarrassed.
No...
They'll never find me here!
You haven't changed a bit since then.
Save... save me!
I've already killed you.
N-No!
Only... only to me...
For him.
I'm not the one at fault! It's not my fault!
That is another you; born of your weak heart.
Master! Master!
you, at least, must become happy.
About that man named Momosuke,
Note: Chikushoudou is the path of animality, which is one of the six paths of Buddhism.
Note: Sesshoudou is the path of killing, which is one of the ten evils of buddhism.
Why?
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
That eye...again.
GRAVE OF THE FOREST FOXES At that temple up ahead, they still tell the legend of Hakuzosu.
Hakuzosu? That's strange.
Would you mind telling me the story?
"The gates of Paradise will be closed..."
The problem is that he's not aware of his sin.
Kill them! Kill them all!
Please do as I ask.
Nice weather we've been having lately, isn't it?
The one called Momosuke, you mean?
Yes, yes. Ol' Momo. Dear Momosuke.
Why'd this have to happen?!
Wha...?! What are you...?!
We could live happily in some backwater somewhere.
Let's go. We shouldn't stay here!
Ah, well. You're too much.
What is it?
You killed people under my orders?
but you chose the path of murderer!
Wait!
Huh? You mean, all this time, I've been tricked by a fox?!
I didn't hear Mr. Author was gonna come, Mata.
watching a person's face as they die!
His foolishness saved you, you know.
I won't let you die easily!
Why don't you head back, Ogin? Just you.
Ieaving behind dubious rumors to fly in public.
This is an ancint lullaby whose origins are unknown and whose exact original meaning has been lost
Of wanting you... wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
I can't believe you just dozed off like that!
one of the finest candle shops in Edo, to the head clerk and then left the business!
Well... I'm just terrible at business...
It's just that when I try to think of something to write...
Wh-Wh-What's the matter?
Yanagiya? That inn?
Ten years ago, the bride and baby of the inn's master Kichibee-san,
"Yanagi Onna"?
It's the spirit of a large yanagi in the inn's inner gardens; it is the inn's namesake.
I wonder if I should look for a new writer...
There have been four dead brides.
Allow me to clear your table...
Say, a new bride has come, hasn't she?
you'd be better off talking about Kichibee-san's relatives!
Ogin-san.
You seem quite personally involved this time.
Your bride's quite the pretty one, isn't she?
I'm so happy for you.
Yae is pregnant!
They're merely making merry.
No...
I'm sorry.
I cannot be held responsible for whatever may happen to you
Please leave.
Are you okay?
Ogin-oneechan?
S-Somebody...
What?
Only... only to me...
For him.
This house belongs to him.
but if you stray from your ethics, then you will fall into depravity.
With this, the eleventh master of the inn has been born!
Moonlight dancing on the garden walk
As it gently drifts through the trees
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
In the mountain's depths, there is a hunter named Yasaku.
The paths of impiety and amorality - where do they lead?
Constantly searching, still can't find
And I'm faced with another day
Of wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
...would call my name, to feel your breath upon my ear
What if he hears us?
How can that be?!
The first time we met, you saved me, right?
I don't see anything.
Note: Kitsune are foxes. They were thought to be magical animals.
I see.
Youkai?
I'm sorry,... but the boss ordered it...
But you people are two of the same.
That could be bad!
It always is.
Jeez... why is this happening to me?
I heard that you even killed your fiance...
It won't wash off...
Oh my... excuse me.
What's wrong?
Why?
Hallucinating?
I'll go with you.
Towa!
It will be all right.
A long time ago, I hunted kitsune in this forest.
Jeez, you can't be left alone for even a second.
He should've just gone back to Edo.
Dogs?
Afterwards, Izou cleverly impersonated the priest,
so you tried to believe that you were strong
you deliberately chose the path of being a murderer and then blamed it on me!
I'll give you a parting gift and tell you something interesting.
So please,
then you will aggravate people,
and all that remains is a dubious rumor among the townsfolk.
I've never felt it before.
Constantly searching, still can't find
They don't compare at all with Kyougoku dumplings, of course.
What happened?
Stop!
Well...
Do you wonder how we can live like this?
Why were you with her?
I've got my eyes on that woman.
Looking for somebody?
Ogin-san? And Nagamimi san?
Please be clear!
He's very rude whenever he sees somebody's face, I guess.
All the guts of a flea.
Oh Danna... right here?
Your head... your head is floating...
Please!
A monk selling fuda?
You're even more of a pervert than I thought.
You're going back to Edo, right?
I fixed some food...
Shut up!
Otama?
Have a request.
This is terrible.
That man took Otama...
Give back Otama-chan!
Father?
Oyoshi...
Lies!
You saw us, didn't you?
The deed is done.
Who will be tonight's dinner?
Moonlight dancing on the garden walk
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
Underneath a blanket of stars
As we share the warmth of the dawn
Wishing you would call my name, 'Cause only you can light the flame
Ever illusive peace of mind
Of wanting you... to feel your breath upon my ear
...to just be near 'Cause only you can light the flame
Call my name, 'cause only you can light the flame
Here it is.
If you do, he may live.
It appears that you saved me.
Then perhaps his wife?
His wife has passed away.
M-My stomach suddenly...
A horse... There's a horse... a black horse...
Don't say foolish things like that!
Wh-What the...?
No, coincidentally, there was a horse that had just died.
Understand?
The meat of a monkey!
It's coming!
You ate the horse's meat, too, didn't you?
B-But I don't remember!
I don't remember it!
But there was nothing that could surpass that taste...
Save me!
But if you stray from your ethics, you will fall into depravity.
Listen, just go pick her up tomorrow morning, okay?
Wishing you would call my name, 'Cause only you can light the flame
So it's fine.
He wants me to be a double?
If that happens,
What will happen to me?
are quite common, aren't they?
Well, you could call it simplicity, too.
That's enough!
That was his own way of warning me, which he always used...
Even then, I believed.
Go help them, will you?
Yeah, another victim, right?
Perhaps...
Watch yourself.
how am I supposed to tell him that Tei-chan was killed?
I see...
It was an ill-tempered thing that ravaged our leftover food, tools, anything it could get its hands on.
Gone too were our troupe's dreams of becoming the favorite of the new shogun.
But if this were to become known, not only would my troupe have been ruined,
It was just when we got here.
How awful...
A tanuki who kills people on a whim must be eliminated.
If we get summoned to perform at her palace,
Yes, mother.
Tanuki-san, what's wrong?
I... killed you!
Didn't you say you were a tanuki?
Evil and ambition scatter into the darkness. All that remains is a dubious rumor among the townsfolk.
Though there's not a hint of a breeze
As we share the warmth of the dawn
Constantly searching, still can't find
Ever illusive peace of mind
Note: -han is the same title suffix as -san, but it is used by people from the Kyoto area
It is said that when a certain emperor's queen passed away,
The empress, a devout Buddhist, who knew the transience of all things,
According to the rumors among the townsfolk,
disappeared six months ago and hasn't been seen since.
Pervert.
M-Me?
I was not!
Note: A Komatakuguri deceives others with words as a profession.
Sasayama became quite depressed after his wife's death.
This is Katabira Street.
Take that!
Sasayama, I saw it with my own eyes!
The vengeful spirit vanished, taking the body of Momosuke-dono's friend with her,
What are you doing in a place like this?
Hey, you there.
I just wanted to see you again...
I... I...
There are others, yes?
What are you saying?
Supplying you with fresh corpses was hard work, komatakaguri.
But sooner or later his feelings would return and he would repeat his crime.
Sensei, what are you going to do?
In the end, this world is full of lies, sensei.
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
I'll never forgive them...
Wishing you would call my name, 'Cause only you can light the flame
This place hasn't changed...
It's troubling me.
If this is a murder, and I can't find the killer soon,
it will bring disgrace to Hachiouji's Sennin Doushin, which is under the government's direct supervision.
And so...
It is also said that there are supernatural entities, such as tengu, that attack people with slingshots.
If he was attacked by a youkai, guess there is nothing we can do.
No.
Drink up.
Their boss, Shimazou, improved its design and made the Nodeppou.
I... I just did as my brother asked.
Dead.
Save me!
Are you sure he hadn't drunk too much or something?
I'm sorry, where is my brother?!
There's no way around it...
I won't forgive you...
Brother!
This is...
What? I don't know anything about a letter.
What do you mean?
Hatred, hatred, hatred.
They were killed and are suffering!
Even in death, he held to his convictions and overcame the Nodeppou's onnen.
We're the ones who live between the two.
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
As it gently drifts through the trees
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
Constantly searching, still can't find
The second, five years ago.
Everybody in the underground knows about it.
What?
She may intend to avenge them all by herself.
Oh, it's you, Orikudon.
The book renter, Heihachi-san, is here to see you.
and some even say that fire was coming out of its eyes!
Everybody's wondering if Giemon will appear at Inarizaka now that he has come back to life.
Even though everyone lives each day to the utmost, I...
Ogin felt that when she was but an innocent little girl with pigtails.
If we sell the shop, how are we supposed to make a living?
Look deep into its eyes...
You must've been scared...
Sensei, there are true demons in this world.
Huh? Nobody is here, eh?
I-It's here!
R-Right.
You accursed mononoke, I shall dispose of you!
Sign: Kyougokutei
Sign: Kyougokutei
Nonsense... he's dead.
What about a beast?
Note: Mushukunin - social outcasts who have been deleted from the registry and have no rights.
The Kowai?
This is about a friend of mine.
Impossible, there's no such thing.
Are you clear, Momosuke-dono?
C-Could it be that... this water?
He stole Giemon's head and brought him back to "life."
There was no greater fear for them than that.
Then that kitsunebi was to let Ogin-san find her enemy from among those who were lured there!
They're off to go burn him.
You're lucky, you know that?
She was very fond of me, too.
The deed is done.
...to just be near 'Cause only you can light the flame
Call my name, 'cause only you can light the flame
She's a demon;
Note: Maen are demons that obstruct Buddhist scholarship and training.
We do.
Y-You know her that much?!
We deceive people, and even kill them once in a while.
More importantly...
How troublesome... It's Shiragiku.
You from Edo?
You fools! You don't know me, a man who is feared in Inabashi?!
but you don't seem like the type of person who would come here, anyway.
What? You're him?
I can't stand this rain.
Don't stay in the corner like that, come warm yourself by the fire.
This Tatsuta was a real nice girl, too.
Right! A pair forever!
That was how it felt.
Why?
but it was probably because the women there were jealous of her beauty.
Her parents died in that fire,
Her finger?
Well, it wasn't certain which of the two he loved, and it never will be now.
Perhaps she really was a Hinoenma.
Something's... bothering me.
Is she Shiragiku?
The bride is here!
Shiragiku!
You should be dead! I killed you!
Shiragiku!
No matter if you were Shiragiku, or a Hinoenma who burnt people to death.
A concentrated form of hatred from ancient times;
While all of the world lays sleeping
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
What's wrong?
All I knew was that there were strange rumors wherever they appeared.
This is...
A toriyose named Nagamimi?
but look who's here!
You know him?
What?
Strange rumors, huh?
Those three are always helping us out.
Better to say no more on that.
But isn't it strange?
Sekiyama-sama, the ship's management magistrate himself, has come!
The Funayuurei's disasters that have recently plagued this place are not supernatural events.
He really is, they say.
Who are the Kawakubo clan?
This is...
That's not it.
Huh?
Everyone's only thinking about their own well being.
I'm sorry, young one.
The sea is furious.
What's mere is... the neighboring island sank twenty years ago, and many people died in a single night.
but we can't destroy it anymore.
I'm not going back.
Even if he couldn't help but to inherit the Hikasou, to not destroy it is a sin.
How do you know about him?
Hyougo!
Why have you returned?
If I wanted to, I could kill you all and take the Hikasou.
If I can take one of its shells back, I can investigate the method of making it.
Stop!
You call this your deed?!
What's wrong?
what you're doing is murder, isn't it?!
Why are you saying this now?
Kitabayashi, where the land is deeply cursed.
The unceasing curses mimic carnage depicting prints.
On the next Kyougoku Natsuhiko's Rumors: 100 Stories,
Wishing you would call my name, 'Cause only you can light the flame
That boy has the worst damned luck.
So, you're from Edo, Momosuke?
Uh, y-yeah.
Yeah, sort of.
What are you to Oyoshi?
Then why were you with her?!
- Must've been my imagination.
Ogin... and Nagamimi.
My, my. How rude to react to a person's face like that.
Oyoshi, are you home?
Oh, nothing. I just heard something that disturbed me.
Nothing! I just hope they capture that awful man quickly.
Master, did you come because you were worried about me?
I'll meet you at the temple...
F-Forgive me!
Look, the truth is, l...
Kill Mother.
What are you saying? She's right here.
Otama... Otama is still alive!
Surrender to us peacefully!
Sleep, sleep.
Though there's not a hint of a breeze
Find us here as we feel the moment of love
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
Ieaving behind dubious rumors to fly in public.
I beg you! Save me!
Ever illusive peace of mind
We will forgive none who protect or aid these plotting criminals!
We live in different worlds, sensei.
Stop it!
From the looks of it...
The customer on the second floor is going to hang himself for sure.
Darling, how many years do you think we've been in this business?
No, it's just that I've heard rumors about the curse of the Shichinin Misaki.
In the first year, seven suddenly vanished from the castle town.
The fears of the populace has reached an extreme.
there are no clues, and people continue to disappear.
But, if you did that..!
I feel relieved.
Well, may his soul find peace in the afterlife...
Youd better not get involved with me.
Momosuke-san, what's wrong?
Who did you sell this scroll to?
Yes?
D-Don't worry!
The previous lady of the castle, Kaede no Kata-sama,
That's...
Toranoshi...
Oh no!
Mataichi-san!
Ukon-san!
Then, sooner or later, that girl will be used in a reenactment?
With all that aside, I must say you've thought of something quite horrible, sensei.
Ogin.
I am unable to carry out the vengeance I seek.
They say that she may be the spirit of Kaedo no Kata-sama.
I don't care who they are at all.
Listen, everyone!
Master Clerk!
Our tutelary shrine!
Those are the words of our lord, Danjou-sama!
That voice that lingers here and curses us all.
But just praying will not save you.
Sensei is always like that.
Ukon-san...
into this Danjou-sama's drawing of hell.
In their desperation to live,
I doubt you'd understand now...
Ukon-san!
I was able to see my wife.
Then... she's...
That's...
That can't be...!
Jeez... you're such a pain.
Am I the same as them?
You've been hanging around us too much, sensei.
The day of the curse is near.
Honorable monk, please...
It will rain?
What? Can't you feel this wind?
Indeed. It is being rumored everywhere that there will be a catastrophe on a rainy night.
We will fire a test shot tonight.
Surely you jest...?
Black Hag!
Momosuke-dono, quickly!
This will all become fire...
It doesn't matter what you do.
Indeed. It was difficult.
no matter how you may try to purify them one by one.
and its hatred...
Everything... is turning!
But that's...
Ogin-san!
I spent days writing of strange things,
I could write of nothing but the days I spent with Mataichi-san and his group.
Ever illusive peace of mind
Ah, then you're like me?
- Pardon me. - Yes?
Oh! Thank goodness!
Just close it.
N-No, but you said you lived alone...
Superstition? You sell charms, don't you?
A hundred of them, you say? I just love scary stories!
BICCHUYA Not only did this please the lord, but as word spread...
Yasuke's thoughts when he died had nowhere to go...
we have a fine monk like Master Enkai here to protect us.
Huh?
Yasuke!
Such is the way of this world.
However, the sin of killing another person is always a sin!
Oh, the slanders you tell!
Go to sleep.
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
I should've known.
Writer's block, huh?
The willow's spirit is a jealous one, isn't she?
Losing all those wives, one after the other...
losing the lion's share of the profits.
Oh, I've said too much.
We're just being festive.
Right now, I'm trying to become a writer.
You!
Don't show your face around here again!
It's been a long time.
Big Sister Ogin...
Idiot.
If she bears him a child, the Willow Inn's future is assured.
to be a good innkeeper.
I am the Willow Woman.
H-Help me, please!
It wasn't me! It was her! It's not my fault!
As we share the warmth of the dawn
Evil and ambition scatter in the darkness...
Ever illusive peace of mind
And I'm faced with another day
...to just be near 'Cause only you can light the flame
You're so mean! What if he hears you?
You!
Such amusing things you say. As I'd expect of a writer.
Right. The story goes that there was...
an old enchanted fox who lived on Mt. Yume in the State of Kai.
"The gates of Paradise will be closed..."
Then she gave him some gold and asked him to stop hunting the foxes.
I'm going home!
A writer could expose your activities to the world at large.
You'd better shut him up as soon as you can!
Why'd this have to happen?!
Oh, my. Excuse me.
Anything wrong?
Such manly hands.
I wouldn't expect to find such a pretty girl here in the mountains.
I killed them all.
Yasaku!
Let's go. We shouldn't stay here!
Thank you.
Oh?
Kyogokutei's in Edo.
You're a murderer! A sick man who enjoys killing people!
For crying out loud...
I kill people because I like to.
You really are a stupid man!
His foolishness saved you, you know.
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
Sister's head... Her head is dancing...
Constantly searching, still can't find
Sometimes it's near, but slips away
Mata, isn't that...?
the head of the local fishermen's union.
- Hey, pal.
What? Nothing!
What is it?! It's not going to kill us, is it?!
Is he dead?
That's your fault!
You're just saying that.
Oyoshi, are you home?
Your candle is growing short.
He looks like a little kid when he's asleep.
Shut up!
He said if I didn't kill you, I couldn't stay in this town!
Come in.
Well, me, too--I mean, I missed you, too, Oyoshi.
Look, the truth is, I...
Oyoshi!
No!
What if I am?
Find us here as we feel the moment of love
He appraises his meals without revealing himself.
Ever illusive peace of mind
Sometimes it's near, but slips away
Shiratama and Kuromame.
Yes, about him.
Oh, no. It's just the master isn't home right now.
Hayate is...
Wh- What on earth?!
Please tell me!
She says her name is Osan.
Master! What?!
Is there nothing we can do?
The master had married into the household...
And the girl?
She'd disappeared. But now...
It's the talisman-selling exorcist everyone in town's been talking about.
Poor fellow.
That's why we decided to kill everyone here.
You ate Hayate, didn't you?
I never forgot how it tasted, and I've tried all different kinds of meat.
Help me, please!
The real Osan lost her memory after falling from the cliff.
And all the things I killed to feed that villain!
While all of the world lays sleeping
Draw near
Underneath a blanket of stars
As we share the warmth of the dawn
To the next world, we commit Thee!
Of wanting you...wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
It's this way.
Shiratama and Kuromame.
YOU TWO?!
But first, about that young man...
There are no horses here in the mansion, sir.
You killed a horse for my sake?
comes from being cursed by a horse?
I want to eat more!
Help me!
That's what happened?
There is only one way to save you from the curse of Salty Choji.
I... I'm not really Chojiro.
You're not the master?!
He was overwhelmed by the happy life he found here!
You're planning to die here?
It was delicious.
What... What are you saying I did?!
Forget that. Go save Miss Osan, then protect this home, all right?
...was pretty good, don't you think?
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
While all of the world lays sleeping
Shibaemon the Raccoon Dog.
Of wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
Call my name, 'cause only you can light the flame
He's a nice tanuki.
Got teased about it all the time when I was a kid!
But...
They say you will be his substitute!
Oh, enough of this!
Oh? The tanuki last night?
Is that a threat?
And as a bonus, someone investigating the killings showed up as well.
One who murdered innocent people. Who murdered little Tei!
I couldn't leave him to his fate. He'd come to us for help, after all.
We might have even been killed for helping him!
With this poor madman, who lived a cursed existence?!
It's Tei. We came as soon as we could...
Mr. Tanuki? What's wrong, huh?
No! Don't run away! I won't kill you!
If you commit your crimes as a tanuki, then you must die as a tanuki!
Is it wrong to live as something you're not?
TEI!
This stage shows swelling, this next one shows blood-staining.
until the flesh is consumed by vermin.
magistrate of the Kyoto city government.
And over there is Mr. Genba Sasayama.
It's said that Katabira Crossroads...
Yes. It was in her will.
The spiritually-minded empress wanted to demonstrate...
- Here's what you've been waiting for!
Mr. Sasayama?
That's how it supposedly started.
One each, in the order of that nine-stage scroll.
Hmm? Think of something?
Um, look, I was just...
Author, Ogin no longer lives.
but I wasn't alone. Momosuke saw it, too!
Hmm? It's Mr. Sasayama.
Sorry I'm late, Sato.
How far do we have to carry these?
Sato! Sato! Sato!
Ogin, are you still alive? Or are you now a lost soul?
As we travel down the path of life, we are confronted by choices.
To the next world, we commit Thee!
Ogin! I KNEW you were still alive! Thank heaven!
And so he'd murder women and lose himself in ecstasy...
In the end, this world is filled with lies, Author.
Song birds singing in a distant glade
Evil and ambition scatter in the darkness...
A mystery troubles Momosuke's older brother.
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
Where has my brother...?
That means you're getting old.
Strange. I could've sworn I had it here.
They blow nobusuma at people traveling on mountain roads.
But Kijuro didn't have his blood drained and wasn't suffocated.
Who here seriously believes this story?!
nobody's gonna tell you any interesting stories!
Is that so?
Okay...
Big brother, please!
Let's see how long you can keep playing the tough guy!
I'm not sure about this.
Never mind. Take this!
Brother! BROTHER!
Oh, Momosuke! It's just as you said!
Jihei made them for us.
Exactly.
People possessed by malice can be dangerous.
Shimazo!
You never stole from the poor. Please, stay the grandfather I knew!
And living between them...is us.
Mr. Author.
Romance takes flight on this perfect night
This will be the third time that Giemon of Inarizaka is beheaded.
He'll probably come back to life this time, too.
Mr. Retiree?
It what?!
Some people claim they saw it flying.
Still... I just can't believe a human could come back to life.
And in the confusion, you ran away?
Nothing's shown up at all.
All people carry darkness within their hearts.
Nothing in this world is truly "mysterious."
In any case, we will continue to use him...
when he is useful to us, as we have until now.
who caught him, Kizou Sasamori, to be followed!
Once, he was a mediator for a public housing official...
Public housing official?
So it's a disease of the spirit, then?
What'll we do?!
It itches... It itches...
Prepare yourself!
could pick the real murderer out of the crowd of onlookers.
now the man who controls who gets into and out of public housing.
What better way to learn the weaknesses of the homeless?
That can't be! The girl couldn't have been killed.
What? Somebody died?
As we share the warmth of the dawn
Life in the light, light in life.
We're a pair!
Uh-huh! We'll always be a pair!
to prevent the attainment of Buddhist enlightenment.
They say she was a pyromaniac...
I wanted to let her be without any regard for others.
We know.
Is he a friend of yours?!
Even Ogin would run from him without getting dressed first.
Stay out of this, Puppeteer!
Yes, yes! Come in!
N- No, thanks! I'm not here for that!
Well, I know about her, but she's sort of one half of a pair.
Shiragiku was always holding her hand.
Shiragiku was always the better one.
It really is a pretty yukata.
Well, they always were a pair.
Light, huh?
And then another fire started.
A giant fire that spread all the way into Osaka.
Seihachi and his bride Tatsuta were burned to ashes!
Don't you agree?
What's she doing here?
Can it be? Is that Shiragiku?!
Author! Hang on a moment!
Even you wouldn't look...
You are a fool!
To the next world, we commit Thee!
Shiragiku really was a hi-no-enma monster.
became a source of pleasure for her.
And Mr. Author has no idea how hard we worked to keep him out of this.
Yes. Kyogokutei's behind this.
Mr. Author!
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
Now comes the time to reset the cycle of karma.
Mr. Author!
I came down here to find a good book to read...
Well, there's "Seven Man Point" in Kitabayashi.
And the sea ghosts of Sanuki!
You'd be happiest to not finish that sentence.
I'm very worried about them.
They do it constantly around here.
who died in the sea and came back as spirits.
Tr- Trouble!
Lord Sekiyama, the boating magistrate, is coming here personally!
I see! You saw Lord Sekiyama?
He seems like an impressive man.
Why didn't you ask me to help you on this latest setup?
There are boundaries people cannot cross.
It looked like she was headed for Twin Island.
You're saying they live in a different world...
You're wrong.
Those who know how to use it to its full potential...
Use the boat there to go back.
If we take a cannon shell back with us, we can investigate how it's made.
Which of you is doomed, I wonder?
Of how I craved it. It was unbearable.
Give us a little time.
of the monster called the fire lance.
Taromaru! You will be the next leader!
Boss.
You're one to talk!
Where are they taking it?
I... I haven't done anything!
And I'm faced with another day
Of wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
and sever this evil from the roots!
You and we don't live in the same world.
Pardon me.
How?
It's gotten that bad?
Well, that's why very few major publishers...
Wait! Momosuke!
I... I...
Listen up, everyone!
We should wait till sundown before we enter the town.
Tora-no-Shin, what are you doing to your mother?!
In another month.
Oh, crap!
Hey! What do we do with this girl?
Bring her along, Kaburagi.
What's that?
Your luck remains amazingly strong, Mr. Author.
Uh-oh, here come reinforcements.
You involve others and then get us involved, too!
Mr. Author, I don't mean to rob you of hope...
Well, shall we get this plan moving?
If you wish to quiet the curse, raise a shrine to me!
What's with all the hidey-holes and secret passages?
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
Draw near
Next time, on Natsuhiko Kyogoku's "Requiem from the Darkness."
Yet I shouldn't forget it.
They keep calling him a tanuki...
my first thought was that their next target was one of the players.
Yes. At first, I was merely curious.
The troupe was called the Shibaemon Players...
You heard me howling last night?
Grandpa's rehearsing now, so it'll be all right!
I see. So, the riddler wishes to hear of the tanuki's past.
If that happens, as you share the blood that flows within him...
I was never allowed to go outside and play.
was the narrator of the Shibaemon Players...
The stories of tanukis who turn into people...
The vital point here seems to be your sympathy for him, Mr. Author.
My grandpa had a really scary look on his face when he did!
Master Samurai, calm yourself!
And as a bonus, someone investigating the killings showed up as well.
It's Tei. We came as soon as we could...
If... If only... I hadn't given birth... to you!
I had to kill, or they'd have killed me, so...!
Enough, already!
I'll write the story down.
I'm a tanuki.
While all of the world lays sleeping
Find us here as we feel the moment of love
Song birds singing in a distant glade
by order of Danjou, lord of the castle!
Damn you! Still you say it?!
This must be...
This fief is cursed!
Say, now that you mention it, when did he...
He was safe, yet chose to fly into danger again.
Lord Danjou is testing them.
Pray! Pray!
Master Exorcist, we beg of you!
On that day, rain will fall.
We have to purify our homes!
Hold it, Mata!
Yes, milord. Rumors are spreading...
It's the curse! The day of the curse is here!
Mataichi!
I can't let you do that!
Master Momosuke!
Mr. Author, it's time to say good-bye.
No, please!
Momosuke, may I present Mr. Sajuro Ogata...
magistrate of the Kyoto city government.
What we called you for here tonight is about a mystery...
No matter how beautiful they are, everyone is doomed to rot away.
And all were known throughout the city as exceptional beauties.
- Here's what you've been waiting for!
Oh, you're just saying that.
Thinking dirty thoughts again, aren't you?
Mr. Sasayama?
I try to get him to have a good time once in a while, like tonight, but...
He really is a fine man.
Um, look, I was just...
Is that Ono no Komachi, Mr. Author?
Momosuke, a fast courier just arrived from Edo.
From my brother?
Sato, why did you leave me behind?
A little errand I'm running for that little Trickster.
Just watch and see.
That's...
No matter how much you change, l... I...
Evil and ambition scatter in the darkness...
My God.
Mataichi...
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
Song birds singing in a distant glade
Wishing you would call my name, 'Cause only you can light the flame
Of wanting you...wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
Brother, it's me, Momosuke! I'm back from Kyoto!
The Master is out at the moment, sir.
this place is strangely nostalgic for me.
That means you're getting old.
A letter? Don't know anything about that.
If this is a murder and we don't find the killer soon...
and the Hachioji Thousand will be disgraced.
I guess government officials have their troubles, too.
It's said that a badger or a tanuki known as a "nodeppo" Field gun...
Don't run from this!
Big brother, please!
Thank you!
How would you know about this?
You've betrayed me?!
You want the nodeppo?
I'll never give it to people like you!
Don't you want your dear granddaughter to live?
If I give you the gun, you'll hunt down...
I was... I was just following Kijuro's orders.
If I knew what would happen...
Boss!
You bastards! How dare you?!
Oh, well. Guess I'll have to content myself with the gold!
I won't forgive you.
Somebody! Is somebody there?!
It's because those nobusumas attacked us.
What you told me saved my life!
What?! Nagamimi? Why do you look like that?
Stand aside!
Always... Always...
This time, I didn't have to intervene.
Wind chimes whisper soft and sweet
Though there's not a hint of a breeze
Underneath a blanket of stars
...to just be near 'Cause only you can light the flame
He'll probably come back to life this time, too.
Giemon of lnarizaka is Ogin's vengeance for her parents' death.
With all the people, you can just smell the life around here!
if the normal, everyday world you lived in till yesterday...
Please, give a little more time!
They must be afraid of the monster.
All people carry darkness within their hearts.
Giemon has been reborn?!
I'm pretty sure the lady who ran the place who was killed...
named Danzaemon Asakusa.
Public housing official?
And there's only one way to escape it.
What?
At this rate, we'll be working for Giemon for the rest of our lives!
What'll we do?!
that flows from the shrine behind lnarizaka.
It's been a long time.
the face of the woman you killed?
W- Wait. This water is...
The real Giemon was Ogin's own father.
In the end, he was just a body-double for the real killer.
He stole the severed head and "Giemon" was brought back to life.
As time passed, his fearsomeness faded.
I see. You produced that will-o-the-wisp so that Ogin...
Be sure to burn him now, so he can never come back to life.
That poor little girl was killed along with her mother.
I'm sure my daughter-in-law...
wants me to go sooner rather than later.
As it gently drifts through the trees
By arson, murder, and blackmail...
Wanting you to just be near, to feel your breath upon my ear
Constantly searching, still can't find
Sometimes it's near, but slips away
Of wanting you...wishing you... to feel your breath upon my ear
My father's losing his mind. It's a monster's work. A hi-no-enma!
I was wrong about you people!
From Edo, huh?! You insult me and I'll crack your head open!
you're not the type who normally comes to places like this.
Huh? That'd be me, then.
Don't stay in the corner. Come over to the fire and warm up.
Well, this was a long time ago...
Whatever she did, she'd do it well.
A pair forever!
Light, huh?
Before long, she was a headlining prostitute with many admirers.
Eventually, a man appeared to redeem Shiragiku.
A man named Seihachi from a local lumber yard.
Shiragiku did it?
Don't you agree?
We'll be done by the time Mr. Author arrives.
Little hags?!
Can't let you interfere!
If Shiragiku reaches Kaneshiroya before I do...
You won't just let him die, will you?
I've been waiting for you, Shiragiku!
Go on, burn anything you like!
The bride has arrived!
Go on. Burn to your heart's content.
Shiragiku!
Yes, only this time it's reversed.
at me!
Would the sun shine on me?
For me, the Shiragiku I am now...
the girl she both hated and admired.
And under her name, she committed evil.
Before she knew it, the fires she set to ruin Shiragiku's name...
And Mr. Author has no idea how hard we worked to keep him out of this.
Moonlight dancing on the garden walk
As it gently drifts through the trees
Dream, sleep, with your hand in mine
The cursed cannon, etched into a man's back.
ADVENTURES OF KOTETSU
What the...?
Little girl, where you going?
You bitch!
...Kuon Miho. I shouldn't take her lightly.
You're incredible!
It's got the blade on the other side.
In the heart of the mountains, called "Inner Kyoto..."
...is a place where no electricity or water supply lines exist.
I'll be killed if I return to Kyoto. I don't want to die yet.
Poor girl.
I'll do chores or whatever you ask...
Oh well, Tetsujin's sister...?
Yeah, they were definitely attacking you!
T...that is...?
His attitude was suspicious. There must be something behind this task.
My Gassan!
Miho...
Sure, right away.
It's the legendary sword a demon made for Lord Minamoto Yoshitsune.
Girl, can you use it ?
Is that so? Then let me test you.
Meddling in my business...
That's...
W-what is it?
I'll purify you.
Why is this happening to me?
You don't mean...
This is an ironic fate, former enemies drinking together like this.
This is...?
There are causes and effects in society.
Seaweed...?
You may stay as you are.
However, I have my own plan for expansion to the east.
S...sorry!
No way. I've never done this before, and we just met.
Have I fallen in love with her?
There's a red thread between you and me.
...but since you can do things like this with a man...
Things like this?
Rin, is it alright to do things like this?
I thought you were still a baby, but you're quite mature after all.
W...w...wha...?
Okay.
Here.
It doesn't matter if you're a monster or not...
I never thought that fighting could be this fun...
You, take care.
Well then, I'm leaving.
Teacher...
I'm sure it's a sign that changes are about to come.
Yes?
Aika-senpai, you're a really, really, really big kid.
Huh? Look at the time already!
Ah, yeah. We should go.
Please, stay over tonight.
It's definitely fit for the biggest company in the industry.
Why are you worrying about such insignificant things, Akari?
You're safe, Athena-san!
Aika-senpai, you're really jealous, aren't you?
It's so beautiful, I bet fairies gather here to have a secret ball at night.
Huh?
Ah...
Ah, yeah. You might be right.
I couldn't help it.
Our company has events from time to time, as well.
I feel like I'm going to drift off to someplace far away...
I always take baths at this time.
Besides,
If I say it's okay,
Yeah...
Totally.
No, maybe in your case...Alt: That's not it... Maybe in your case
What-What-What?
Is it me, or has Junior's personality changed?
Ai-chan, I wonder what happened?
It was really wonderful!
I hope it turns out to be a fun party!
Therefore, I won't be able to come to our joint practice tomorrow.
You're practicing with us and the people from Orange Planet, too?
Wha!Hardly worth keeping this
Say what?
Yes!
No, let's go back.
Really?
The legend from Manhome, right?
Humans can't enter?
Why is that?
President Aria still hasn't come home yet...
A kingdom of cats, huh?
I wonder if they really are having a meeting in the Kitty Kingdom?
If we're going to practice, don't you think it's better to have a destination?
But President Aria came home as usual!
Hmm...
Okay, I got it.
Okay! Aika-chan, go!
You're welcome to keep complimenting me!
Yeah.
I wonder what this place is?
I think this is an immigration facility from when they first settled Aqua.
Who would have thought that canal would lead us here.
Stop saying such weird things, Akari!
I see. I get it.
This area is the Cats' secret hideout!
I wonder if it was okay for us to come here.Alt: I wonder if it was okay to come herethe two of us.
It must be your imagination.
You, uh, think so?
Aika-chan...
Maybe Cait Sith uses his magic?
Unfortunately, they say humans can't enter the cat kingdom.
Nobody called you! No one's calling!
You have got to be joking! I'm going back!getting back?
I'm going back no matter what!
For a while I was worried about what would happen, right, Akari?CrystalNova: Though it was anyone's guess for a while there, wasn't it, Akari.
Huh?
Shut up!
It's the Acqua Alta!
It's your fault for having such handy sideburns!
You fool!
Basically, you can't carry them all by yourself,
All right! Let's go!
Alice-chan!
Hey.Alt: Yo.
Did you give Athena-san a rose too, Alice-chan?
I don't believe in giving courtesy roses.
Hey, Sideburns!
Okay.
Don't dawdle!
Oh my!A bit more emphasis and it's almost Conan like
You there!
Don't call me Pony-boy! Damn Gachapen!
This is for Alicia-san!
Akatsukin!
Sorry, put it on my tab.
I can tell Sideburns the story, including all the funny details if you want?
Say what?
Festa del Bcolo, huh?
Ooh, yes please!
Unfortunately, he was mortally wounded in battle.
Both the lady and young man lived hundreds of years ago,
Yes?
Oh, the Gondola Association meeting ended a little while ago.
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, sure.
You can have this if you like.
Whoa, what's all this, Akatsuki-kun?
Hey, hey. Akira-san is amazing, isn't she?
Ah, okay.
That's exactly why I'm asking you to help me.
Wait! A-Ali...
I'm such a loser...
Akatsuki-san...
Just kidding!
Huh?
You're keeping me company until I find Alicia-san, okay?
That makes sense.
Then let's go on a search for wonderful things!
I'm looking forward to the ride.
Welcome to Neo-Venezia.
What a lovely garden.
Yes, it really is...
Yes...
Neo-Venezia is a man-made island, so greenery and flowers are a rare sight.
Really...?
I never noticed.
I'm in awe!
I'll show you this cities secret wonders myself!Alt: "I'll show you the secret wonders of this city myself." Either fine, though adding the required line break can make it harder to read or visually ugly
This tree makes a beautiful sound when the wind blows.
It's wonderful.
But why does it make this sound?
Aw, this wall is so cute!
Aren't you forgetting something?
The dog with thick eyebrows!
Hmm... This is interesting and wonderful!
The street lamps won't be working.
It's wonderful.
I think we have some cookies that a customer gave us.
It's strange, but it smells delicious.
When I was a Single like you, Akari-chan,
And if you let that light illuminate your way, I'm sure you'll be able to see it.Alt: let that light shine your way
And it's true that all the flowers were on the ground.Alt: It's true that all the
which gave them a sweet smell that was overwhelming.
The stars are shining so brightly...
Ai-chan, the wind that blows through the city has the faint smell of straw hats.
so a lot of people come to Neo-Venezia, and the entire city gets quite busy.
Oh, Missy! G'Morning.
We're the locals, but I think she knows more people than us.
Thanks for teaching me that trick about hanging scissors from the ceiling to find things you've lost.BD: "Thanks for telling me about that charm to find things you've lost. I hung scissors from the ceiling like you said." It's a good line other than the literal translation "charm" but there was no good split point, and it absolutely needed splitting.
Wha?
Yes?
You didn't have to tell them the destination?
They're called flowering dogwood.Scientific name: Cornus florida
Please, have a seat.
My, after you, young lady.
Yes, yes, President Aria. I'm coming!
Go ahead.
Like I said, we've just arrived at another stop.Alt: "Like I keep saying, this happens at every stop."
Hmm, how do I describe it...
Let down your guard, and you'll suddenly be surprised.
Pardon me.
Maybe...
It's fine to make friends with people you don't know,
Do you think we should go in?
I think we should.
Sorry about the trouble, everyone!
Do you think we're going the right way?
You can do it!
I just remembered, too.
She's so mysterious, isn't she? That Akari.
By the way, Akari,
Isn't the iced cocoa Alicia-san makes delicious?
Long time no see.
It really happened!
You'll have to review all the talking points for a guide tonight.
This is the first time someone has specifically requested me.
I'll do my best tomorrow.
Beyond that beautiful sparkle is a lot of history that I've still yet to learn.
Well...
My, my.
Wow...
I will!
Oh, are you the Undines that'll be transporting the glass today?
Please leave it to me! Even though I'm still an apprentice.
Yes, Sir...
Yeah...
Uh, um...
and searching for artisans who had inherited the craft from the artisans before them.
So that's what happened...
Um...
But the reason this city was built,
and the time that's passed here that's all different from Manhome, right?
and the emotions felt here, are also different, I think.
Huh? But Akatsuki-san is Alicia-san's fan.
Yeah, let's go!
It's the largest festival in Neo-Venezia!
Right, Akari-sanfscx200-
He goes somewhere just before the Carnival.
I'm not sure.
It's a fairy tale about the king of cats, Cait Sith, a large black cat.
We might be able to!
Sorry, sorry.
What do you think?
Akatsuki, that song is embarrassing, yo.
It's not that I don't like it.
Shaddup, Pony-man.
Well then, goodbye.
that it's been the same person inside of Casanova for hundreds of years!
What is it?
What did you see?
Huh?
I think it will be fine...
Wait!
They are girls dressed like me...
Let's go.
Err... what were we doing here?
Ah, really?
Was it a man? Or a woman?
You may need a little courage sometimes, but...
...wonderful encounters are waiting in unexpected places.
Looking For That Treasure...
It feels like I'll discover something wonderful today.
That's mysterious.
Aw, what? It's just a piece of paper.
Show me, show me!
Let's continue practising.
Aika-chan...
Yay! It's a treasure hunt!
Yes, please.
But "Leather Boot Calle" is a really funny name, isn't it.
Well then, why don't we have a look around?
It's nowhere to be found...
...like to take walks.
Wha?!
I'm going to open it...
They are squares known as "Campo".
What a nice place!
The Magic Lamp is the kettle of a hardware store?
...there will be a single shiny stone."
Eh? What, what?
I want to drink a caffe latte!
